 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R.  960, to rename the North Avondale Post Office in Ohio after Herbert  Heilbrun and Johnny Leahr, two American heroes whose legacies we should  pass down  [[Page H5698]]  from generation to generation and whose examples we should all follow.   At a time when our military was segregated, Herb and Johnny  independently joined our armed services as specialty pilots flying  dangerous missions. Herb flew B-17 bombers in the Army Air Corps during  World War II, and Johnny flew P-51 Mustangs with the Tuskegee Airmen.   At that time, they did not know each other. Both men returned from  the war and lived honorable and successful lives independent of each  other.   Some 50 years after the war, Herb attended a Tuskegee reunion because  he wanted to go and thank the brave men who flew cover missions for him  and quite literally had his back. It was there that he met Johnny, and  the two started to realize just how much they had in common and how  much racial segregation kept them from realizing it.   Astonishingly, they discovered they had flown some of the same  missions during the war. Johnny had flown cover on two of Herb's  missions in France and Poland, yet they had never met. As they spoke,  they realized that they were both from Cincinnati, Ohio, and even more  amazingly, they had even been classmates at the same elementary school  in North Avondale, Ohio. The reunion was the beginning of a beautiful  friendship that would make our world a better place.   As best friends, Herb and Johnny decided that younger generations  should learn from their experiences and from their friendship. The two  traveled the country, giving talks about racial tolerance, respect, and  friendship. Over the years, they spoke to countless audiences and were  honored by the Harvard Foundation for Intercultural and Race Relations  for their efforts.   Their work led to a book that they wrote together called ``Black and  White Airmen: Their True History.'' It was written about them, and it  chronicles their history, friendship, and efforts to bring others  together to overcome their divides. Their book also contains a grade  school class photo with Johnny standing right beside Herb. Even then,  he had his back.   To honor their legacy and to continue their mission, I have  introduced this bill with Congressman   Steve Chabot to rename the post  office at 3493 Burnet Avenue in Cincinnati the John H. Leahr and  Herbert M. Heilbrun Post Office. The building is located in the  neighborhood in which the two men went to school together.   Johnny and Herb share an incredible history and should serve as  models to all of us. They were dedicated to their country and fellow  servicemen, no matter their race or background. Renaming this post  office after them will honor their legacy and ensure that more  Americans will learn of their story, learn of their sacrifice,  and learn from their example.    Herb passed away in December at the age of 100, joining Johnny, who  passed in 2015 at the age of 94. They are now together in eternal  glory.   Herb's beloved wife, Carol, said it best when describing Herb and  Johnny as ``incredible men who lived incredible lives not only in  service to their country, but also in the lessons they taught us later  in life about friendship, respect, and tolerance.''   Johnny's son, John W. Leahr, poignantly noted that his father  ``decided early on that he wasn't going to live a life full of hate or  bitterness, despite the many injustices he had to endure throughout his  life'' and that his father's friendship and efforts with Herb should  ``serve as the gold standard of honor, respect, and kindness for us  all.''   I am so honored to have spent time and developed friendships with  both of these great American heroes and their families. I am incredibly  grateful for their service and will never forget their dedication to  our country and to the American people. We are made better by the  example they set for us, a legacy to be very proud of.   God bless Herbert Heilbrun and Johnny Leahr, and may they rest in  peace. I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill to honor two  great human beings and true American heroes.   