 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor today to bring  attention to the wildfires raging in our Western States, devastating  community after community. I am also here to call on my colleagues to  use the ongoing infrastructure discussions to take the swift, bold  action necessary not just to confront the current crisis but to address  the root cause and help save others from having to endure similar fires  and tragedies in the future.   For nearly a month now, the Bootleg Fire, pictured here, has been the  biggest of 91 fires burning across 12 States. It has been raging in  Southern Oregon. It has burned about 415,000 acres. Translate that into  square miles. That is 646 square miles. Translate that. That is an area  about 20 miles wide and 30 miles long, half the size of the State of  Rhode Island reduced to ash and smoke.   It is ranching country. There are not a lot of developed communities,  but you still have a lot of homes getting burned, at least 161 homes;  double that or roughly double that in outbuildings. Hundreds of  vehicles have been destroyed. Thousands of families have been forced to  evacuate.   This fire grew so large, it started generating its own weather  system. Think about that. Usually, we watch the weather to see how the  weather is going to influence the fire. Will rain and storms slow them  down? Will humidity slow them down a little? Will dry, hot conditions  help them grow or, worst of all, hot and dry with wind? Well, that is  not the case with the Bootleg Fire, which created these massive clouds  rising more than 30,000 feet into the air, and as the air surges up,  then below it, it pulls in air from all around, which feeds oxygen to  the inferno. Then, when that air cools and drops down, it pushes the  bottom air out, spreading sparks like some living monster sucking in  fire, intensifying oxygen, and then spewing out fire-spreading embers  as the air cools and descends. It even generates its own lightning  storms and spawns fire tornadoes, swirling vortexes of heat and flame.   Fires are an annual occurrence in Oregon, but decade after decade,  they are getting a lot worse. There are two major reasons for this.  Climate chaos is one, and poor forest management is the other. The  forests, due to climate chaos, are drier and more prone to fire. Why  are they drier? Because, well, carbon dioxide from burning fossil fuels  and methane gas leaking out of our natural gas systems are heating the  [[Page S5554]]  planet. So we have to pivot quickly and transition to renewable energy  to stop it from getting worse.   But that is a discussion really for another day. Let's focus today on  the second part of the challenge, which is forest management.   When fires erupt, we put them out as fast as we can, trying to  prevent devastating fires like the Bootleg Fire. But the result of  putting fires out fast over decade after decade after decade is that a  lot of fuels build up on the floor of the forest.   In addition, we have a lot of forests that are second-growth forests,  with trees planted very close together, and they all grow up at about  the same height and their canopies are touching each other, which makes  it very easy for the fire to spread from tree to tree to tree.   So you throw in the combination of longer, hotter, dryer summers and  second-growth forests, and you have the perfect recipe for infernos  like the big fires we have been seeing out West.   To reduce the risk of these devastating fires in the short-run, we  have two basic tools. One is, we reduce the grass and undergrowth that  fuels the fire--we sometimes call that mowing--and then we do  prescribed burns, and the second is, we thin the forest.   Now, thinning the forest works better in some forests than in others.  For ponderosa pine, it works really well. You spread out those pine  trees. They would never have grown so close together. In the old days,  when fires regularly swept through, they would kill the younger trees.  The older trees would survive, widely spaced trees. They would burn up  the fuel on the floor of the forest, and it worked well. Other  forests--wetter forests, Douglas fir forests, other types of forests-- we are still trying to figure out exactly the best way to do forest  management to reduce fire risk. The Bootleg Fire did show the effect of  these types of efforts.   Over the last decades, ecologists have been working in the Sycan  Marsh Preserve. They have been thinning out the forest, and they have  been using prescribed fires. So they have been reducing the number of  ponderosa pines to make it a less fire-prone forest.   As the Bootleg Fire came into the preserve, firefighters on the  ground report the flames didn't jump as easily or readily from treetop  to treetop; they went back to the ground. Going back to the ground,  where there had been prescribed fire, they didn't burn as quickly. The  fire moved a lot more slowly, and, in addition, it is easier for  firefighters to get into the front of the fire.    So the thinning and burning of the Sycan Marsh Preserve are strong  proof of why we need to use these tools, with science-informed  adjustments resulting in the most effective strategies for different  kinds of forests. But, again, those strategies may not work as well in  other types of forests, and we need the best science. I have asked the  head of the Forest Service to get us the best science so we can apply  the best strategies to make different types of forests more fire- resilient.   But we need to be able to fund such efforts on a much more massive  scale. Out in Oregon, we have 2.3 million acres that have been approved  environmentally to be treated that aren't treated because we haven't  had the funds. So this infrastructure bill is an opportunity to address  so much of the work that needs to be done to make the forest more fire- resilient.   Well, I am pleased to say that the bill is going to have quite a bit  in it, and I really am pleased with this. I have been pushing for this  for years, that we need to spend not millions but billions of dollars  in forest management. So $8 billion of wildfire-related funding is  included, and that will go out through the Forest Service and the  Department of the Interior; $2.4 billion for hazardous fuels reduction  efforts; $2.1 billion for efforts to restore ecosystems on a broader  scale in a fashion that will help reduce the vulnerability of the  forests and other ecosystems to fire; $1 billion to help fund wildfire  mitigation activities for at-risk communities; $650 million for  rehabilitating areas burned by fires; and $600 million to give  firefighters the pay raises they deserve and to increase the year-round  workforce.   For years, I have been saying that one of the problems we have is a  big attrition rate for firefighters. They go out for a season, and then  the job is over, and they have to find other jobs. When they find those  other jobs, well, they are not there to fight the fire the next season.  Crew bosses are essential. You don't want to lose these experienced  crew bosses.   So what is the answer? Well, part of the answer is, let's create  year-round jobs with decent pay so that when you are not doing  firefighting directly, you are doing fire prevention by working on  forest management projects, and I think that idea is starting to gain  some traction.   We also have funding in here to increase the collaborative forest  landscape restoration projects, CFLR projects. A CFLR collaborative  brings together the stakeholders from every perspective--from the  environmental side, from the timber side, from all sides in between-- and they work out what they refer to as a prescription for a specific  forest.   They go out, and in the beginning, when they don't really have a  great trust relationship, they go out together, and they will go  through the acreage and mark the trees. Then later on, as the trust  grows, they write the prescription, and they know it will get  implemented as they desire, and they can get a lot more work done. Do  you know what? It means this thinning operation, this forest treatment  operation, stays out of the courts. That is very important because if  we are just treating forests through timber sales that are always hung  up in disputes in the courts, we are not getting the job done.   This effort to increase the role of these collaboratives puts people  in the room who have been traditional opponents. They are talking to  each other, and they are working out plans together. They find out they  actually sometimes like each other. So we need a lot more of these  collaboratives.   We have in Oregon close to two dozen collaboratives. Only four are  federally funded. So by increasing the funding, we enable more  collaboratives to do a lot more work, and that would be a very good  thing.   I spoke to the billions of dollars, but you know what--these couple  billion dollars is not enough. I will be introducing legislation  modeled on the Great American Outdoors Act to fund $30 billion in  hazardous fuel treatments across our public lands over the next 5  years. That is closer to the scale we need to undertake to manage these  forests.   It used to be you thought about, well, when do I want to go out and  hike on the Pacific Crest Trail? Well, August has the least chance of  rain. Now it is like whatever you do, think twice about going out in  August because you will be dodging forest fires. It has happened to my  wife Mary and me a number of times now. We planned to hike in the  southern part of the Pacific Crest Trail, and twice we had to move to  the northern part. We hiked in the northern part twice and had to dodge  forest fires. One time, it was the fire that erupted and put the whole  Columbia Gorge on fire. They had fireworks on the Fourth of July.   Just last year, we were hiking starting on the Warm Springs  Reservation, and other hikers said: Hey, did you know that there is  already a fire on the Warm Springs Reservation--right where we were.  Well, the wind was blowing the other way. We hadn't smelled the smoke.  You are out of cell phone range. You are up in the mountains. We hadn't  heard that. But it reflects the fact that you have to worry now when  hiking because the forest is so vulnerable. It is so dry. It so easily  turns into a fire that can move very quickly, especially if there is a  wind.   I have worked to get funding for the National Guard to be able to  help fight fires over the last 4 years, including 1,500 members of the  Oregon National Guard who have been trained. They have been out helping  on this Bootleg Fire, so that is great. We have been working to enable  FEMA to deliver disaster assistance more quickly to the communities  impacted by catastrophic fires.    And we have sat to recognize that we need to tackle the issue of  smoke. We didn't used to talk about smoke in Oregon, but it was smoke  from burning our grass seed fields, because the way to get grass seed  very pure was to burn fields every year. So we had this haze  [[Page S5555]]  throughout the summer. Well, it was very unhelpful to people's health  to be breathing that smoke. So eventually we said: No, no, no, we are  not going to burn the fields in that fashion.   But now we have the smoke from the forest fires, and--wouldn't you  know it--when I was home last weekend, I expected to see a lot of  smoke. There was a previous moment where I drove 600 miles during the  Labor Day fires last year, and I never got out of the smoke for 600  miles. This time, I was in blue skies. And then I looked and saw that  the weather patterns were driving the smoke from our fires into  Montana, and it was going up in the jet stream. It was swirling around.  There was a lot of smoke here in DC from the fires out West.   Well, so it is a national issue. In fact, I guess the index for air  quality in New York City surged to 157, and anything above 100 is  pretty dangerous. But that just shows the level of challenge that we  are addressing.   So we need to tackle the smoke, and that is why I am introducing the  Smoke-Ready Communities Act and the Wildfire Smoke Emergency  Declaration Act. We need to recognize the threat not just from the  fires but also the impact of the smoke on communities. So we need to  have a way to respond and create a national emergency related to it. We  need to prepare our communities to be ready for the smoke, to have some  kind of air-filtered locations where people with asthma and other  healthcare conditions can escape and get to clean air when the air  quality drops so dramatically.   And we need to protect our farm workers. So I will be introducing the  Farmworker Smoke and Heat Protection Act. We lost one of our farm  workers due to heat when this heat dome struck Oregon a couple of weeks  ago. There in Portland, where my house is, it was 116 degrees, plus a  wind that was blowing that turned it into a hairdryer. You stepped  outside, and you were just watching the plants just shrivel up.   And we were fortunate. We converted our gas furnace to a heat pump so  that we could heat our house with renewable electricity rather than  fossil fuels. The side benefit is we got air-conditioning. So we had  air-conditioning for the first time. But so many houses in Oregon don't  have it. Think about the impact of 116-degree heat in a place where it  is rare to have a single day ever break 100 degrees during the summer.   So we need Federal standards related to smoke. We need to work with  the Occupational Health and Safety Administration to ensure that farm  workers get the assistance they need to be able to work safely.   I can't underscore enough the importance of us coming together as a  nation to tackle these western fires. At this moment, the fire season  is just beginning in Oregon. It feels like we have been in it forever.  It is just July. We have August, September, October. Well, we just  turned the calendar onto August--August, September, October. We had  fires starting early in the year, as early as March, burning late in  the year. In California, it is a year-round proposition already, and  Oregon isn't far behind.   My fervent hope is that with fires engulfing Oregon and California  and Idaho Montana and others, it will be a wake-up call that we need in  this Chamber to realize that we have a responsibility to act and to act  quickly.   We have an opportunity to make an impact, but we have to have the  policy knowledge and the political determination to take that quick  action   