 Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss if I didn't address the  atrocities occurring right here on the House floor today. A week ago,  this building was attacked; and instead of working with Republicans to  attempt to prevent that from ever happening again, the Speaker and her  Democratic colleagues think an appropriate response is to prevent  Members from exercising their Second Amendment constitutional rights in  the very place that wasn't secure a week ago.   This attack didn't come from the inside. It came from the outside.  And to respond by restricting Members' Second Amendment rights in the  very institution that is supposed to uphold those rights is appalling.   Take note, America. This is what you have to look forward to in a Joe  Biden administration. If they can do it right here in the people's  House, they will attempt to do it across the country.   The plain language of the 25th Amendment is abundantly clear.  Although I am an attorney, you don't have to be an attorney to  understand that the Vice President is the principal required to invoke  the amendment. The beginning of Section 4 states: ``Whenever the Vice  President and a majority of either principal officers of the executive  departments or of such other body as Congress may by law provide . . .  declare that the President is unable to discharge. . . . ''   You must have the Vice President invoking this, and you don't. The  Vice President has been clear, he is unwilling to invoke the 25th  Amendment. It is not Congress' role to override him. It doesn't state  in the amendment that Congress makes that determination. The Vice  President does.   But my Democratic colleagues will stop at nothing to remove this  President, even a week before his term expires. The plain reading of  the 25th Amendment demonstrates that this is the wrong approach. An  understanding of last week's events demonstrates this is the wrong  approach. And a consideration of the political tactics that we have  seen in recent days, months, and years tells you that this is a  disingenuous approach at best and 100 percent politically motivated.    I was elected in 2018. My entire congressional career has been  consumed by impeaching or removing President Trump. After the Russia  collusion hoax and a phone call to the Ukrainian President, and then a  failed impeachment attempt that resulted in an acquittal, here we are,  a little more than a week away from a new President being sworn in,  attempting this travesty both to the Constitution and to America as a  whole.   This is dangerous, unconstitutional, and does nothing to heal this  country and move this country forward.   