 Madam President, I, too, want to express my appreciation  to Senator Crapo. We are partners in the Senate Finance Committee. As  Senator Crapo really touched on, we know that sometimes around here in  the Senate, it is hard to get Senators to agree on the proper way to  butter a piece of toast. But what Senator Crapo and I have tried to  show--and I believe this amendment does it--is that the Senate is going  to come together on the urgency of outcompeting China, and that is what  our legislation is all about.   Senator Crapo ticked off a number of the key measures. Obviously we  feel very strongly. We spent weeks looking at it in hearings and in  discussions--at how China rips off our intellectual properties, steals  technology, sends dangerous counterfeits to our market, and how it  undercuts manufacturers with overproduction and unfair subsidies. The  fact is, the Chinese have deployed massive subsidies, incentivized  overproduction in key manufacturing sectors like steel, aluminum, and  solar panels, that undercuts our competitors. They have shaken down  American firms for intellectual property and stolen cutting-edge  technology.   Worst of all, colleagues, is the practice of forced labor, which we  looked at in the Senate Finance Committee. It is morally repugnant on  its own, and it is also a very substantial threat to American jobs.   I do want to spend a moment on an area where we are going to be doing  a lot more work, and I am going to have plenty to say about it before  this bill becomes law; and that is, as my friend from Idaho just talked  about, the Chinese Government's great firewall. It blocks more than  10,000 American websites and digital platforms, and others are  subjected to extreme censorship. Americans who are blocked can only  watch as Chinese homegrown competitors then rip off their very best  ideas, thrive in the absence of real competition, and then grow into  tech behemoths themselves.    The catch is, as those Chinese-grown tech giants get bigger and  bigger, using ripped-off American tech and ideas, they are also  exporting their government's intolerance of free speech.   So in the case of the great firewall, we now have trade enforcement  tools that really go back to the Dark Ages. Literally, some of them  date back to some cases in the middle of the last century, and that, in  no way, leaves us in a good position.   As Senator Crapo and I have found--and we agreed in a bipartisan  manner on this--it leaves us ill-prepared to handle the fast-moving  world of digital trade, where there are a lot of high-skill, high-wage  jobs on the line.   So, for now, I hope Members of the Senate will strongly support this  bipartisan amendment.   As Senator Crapo said, we have a lot of other things we are going to  tackle. As the Presiding Officer knows, I think what we talked about  yesterday, in terms of clean energy, can build on ideas of both  political parties. Senator Crapo has a very good idea for tech-neutral,  private sector competition for clean energy. That is his idea. I am a  Democrat, and I am acknowledging my colleague's good ideas. So we have  a lot to work with.  [[Page S3838]]    But for today, when we pass this amendment, the Crapo-Wyden  amendment, we are signaling that the entire Senate is coming together  on a straightforward proposition, that we want to tell our constituents  that we understand the urgency of outcompeting China, and that it is  going to take key tools, which is what we have developed in the Senate  Finance Committee.   I urge all Senators to vote for this bipartisan amendment.   I yield the floor.   