 Madam President, reserving my right to object.    Madam President, on military justice reform, I am pleased  that the NDAA that we will consider this week will enact sweeping and  historic reform that changes how sexual assault and other offenses are  investigated and prosecuted in the Armed Forces. This bipartisan,  bicameral compromise was achieved after tough negotiations with the  House and also with the administration. The House voted last week 363  to 70 to pass this bill with these reforms--an overwhelming endorsement  of the work that we do. I look forward to a similar, strong vote in the  Senate this week, sending these reforms to the President of the United  States.   As you know, there have been many proposals for improving how the  military prosecutes sexual assault and other crimes, from Senators,  Representatives, from the administration, and from other organizations,  all of them with their unique merits. Bringing all this together was  difficult and complicated, but I believe we have done so effectively.   Our bill removes all meaningful prosecutorial authority from the  military chain of command for the series of sexual assault offenses  under the UCMJ, as well as for other offenses, including the wrongful  distribution of intimate visual images, domestic violence, stalking,  retaliation, murder, manslaughter, kidnapping, and child pornography.   Our bill creates special trial counsel, who are highly specialized,  independent prosecutors outside the chain of command of the victims and  the accused. They will have exclusive, binding, and final decision- making authority over whether to prosecute these crimes.   Under our bill, no commander will be able to overrule the binding  decision of a special trial counsel to prosecute or not prosecute a  case. Similarly, our bill ensures that the special trial counsel have  the exclusive authority to withdraw or dismiss charges or  specifications, removing that power from commanders.   Finally, our bill will make a large number of necessary and  conforming amendments to the UCMJ to effectuate this reform, and I am  sure there will be need for more of this during the 2-year  implementation period.   The bottom line is that the reforms contained in this bill represent  a sea change in military justice. At the end of the day, this NDAA will  enact the most sweeping reform to the UCMJ in decades, and that is why  Protect Our Defenders--probably one of the most effective and vocal  organizations founded on the premise of defending the rights of victims  of sexual assault--said: ``The provisions included in this year's NDAA  are the most transformative military justice reforms in our Nation's  history.''   Madam President, having made that statement, I will object.   