 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I rise to  object to the Senator from Florida's request to pass this legislation  through unanimous consent.   If we want to tackle rising fuel costs, let's do something that will  actually protect American consumers and actually promote our energy  independence. Let's reinstate the fossil fuel ban that was lifted in  2015.  [[Page S7409]]    Listen to what has happened here in our Nation since 2015, when every  Republican on this Senate floor--when they controlled the Senate--voted  to lift the ban on the exportation of oil from the United States. That  ban had been in place for 50 years to keep American oil here.    Well, here's what the Republicans did in the House and Senate back in  2015: they lifted the ban.   Oil companies from the United States now send our oil overseas. And  get this: In 2020, we exported more than 8.5 million barrels of  petroleum every single day out of the United States to other countries.  And, in 2020, pursuant to Republican Senators in 2015, we, in 2020, for  the first time in more than 50 years, exported more barrels of  petroleum every single day--exported--than imported.   Is that energy independence?   I don't think so.   And why do we do it?   I will tell you why we do it. It is for the oil companies. That is  why we do it.   The Republicans don't want to do anything on climate change--oil  companies. The oil companies want to export American oil, drill for it  here in the United States, because they can make more money selling  that oil into the international marketplace. Of course, that is what  the Republicans are going to vote for back in 2015.   And here's what happened: we got up to 2021, and we now are net  exporters of petroleum in our country.   So the bill that is being proposed would actually do nothing to help  consumers at the pump. The one thing that we could do is reimpose the  ban on the exportation of these 8.5 million barrels of oil a day. Keep  it here. It is lower priced. It is drilled for in the United States.  Our economy would get the benefit of that lower priced oil and people  would be going up to the pump, paying a lot less per gallon of gasoline  than they are doing right now.   But you are not going to hear anything from the Republican Party that  takes on the oil industry and their international market using American  oil to make more money because people in the rest of the world will pay  more for it. But that leaves less American oil here for drivers, as  they are pulling in to the pump every single day.   So this is just the greed of the domestic oil industry so that they  can have unlimited international energy markets so that, ultimately-- and this is the beauty of it--they make more money overseas and they  get to tip American consumers upside down at the pumps as they have got  their fingers on this nozzle and watching this price of gasoline go up  even as they are looking at it. It is a beautiful world for the oil  industry to have the cooperation of the Republican Party on this  agenda.   And so all I can say is that this proposal is just the opposite of  what we should be talking about. The Republicans should be reexamining  their own conscience about what they did in 2015, instead of shedding  crocodile tears today as though Joe Biden did this. This net export of  petroleum products is a Republican idea driven by the Republicans who  sit here on the Senate floor.   And so in no way should this resolution pass, and so I object to the  Senator's motion for unanimous consent.   