 Madam President, I thank the senior Senator from  Minnesota for her hard work in getting Michael Connor to the floor. I  have been very pleased to join with her, and, obviously, we are hopeful  that, tomorrow, we will have that vote.   The position of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works  is critical to every Member of this body. Every State has interactions  with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and the Assistant Secretary is  the top civilian who oversees the Corps of Engineers. The Assistant  Secretary plays a vital role in formulating the Corps' budget, in  setting policy and priorities for the Corps, and in ensuring that an  incredible array of projects is managed and executed across the Nation.   For example, in my State of North Dakota, we have Corps projects in  communities like Minot on flood protection. A number of years ago, we  had 11,000 people and 4,000 homes and buildings inundated. Obviously,  flood protection is incredibly vital for them,  [[Page S7700]]  and we need the Corps working to get that done.   In the Red River Valley of the North, as Senator Klobuchar said so  accurately, we are working together for comprehensive flood protection  in that region. It is a multibillion-dollar, multi-State project that  uses the latest approach of a public-private partnership with a WIFIA  loan guarantee. We are doing things in a way that hasn't been done  before that can really help us cut into the backlog that the Corps has  on these flood projects.   But it takes a lot of work and a lot of creativity to keep that  moving forward, and so we need the Assistant Secretary in place to help  us do that, and that is why we need to move forward with this  confirmation vote.   And as Senator Klobuchar said correctly, Mr. Connor is well qualified  for this position. He held the No. 2 position at Interior from 2014 to  2017. He also served as Commissioner of the Interior's Bureau of  Reclamation from 2009 to 2014. He worked on Capitol Hill from 2001 to  2009 as counsel to the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee.   So he has got the background to do this. He is ready to go. Let's  have this vote on confirmation and let's put him to work for the great  people of this great country.   And with that, I would defer again to the Senator from Minnesota for  any concluding remarks she has, but, again, I want to thank her for  working on this in a bipartisan way.   