 Mr. President, there has been a lot of talk about the  legislative filibuster here in the Senate over the last few days. As we  started the new Congress evenly divided between Republicans and  Democrats, the Republican leader had proposed that the Democrat leader  include a commitment to preserving the legislative filibuster and the  power-sharing agreement the leaders have been working out. This should  have been easy.   Less than 4 years ago, with a Republican President in the White House  and Republicans in control of the Senate and the House of  Representatives, a bipartisan group of 61 Senators affirmed their  support for retaining the legislative filibuster, stating: ``We are  united in our determination to preserve the ability of Members to  engage in extended debate when bills are on the Senate floor.''   There are 26--26--current Democratic Senators--a majority of the  current Democratic caucus--who signed that defense of the legislative  filibuster when they were in the Senate minority. It is disappointing  that the Democrat leader failed to express his support for this  essential Senate rule.   Nevertheless, thanks to the recent commitment from two Senate  Democrats to oppose any attempt to eliminate the filibuster--a  commitment which secures this key protection for minority rights-- Leader McConnell is now moving forward without a statement from the  Democrat leader.   But it is worth taking a moment to reiterate why the legislative  filibuster is so important. The legislative filibuster, of course, is  essentially the requirement that 60 Senators agree before the Senate  can end debate and vote on a bill. In other words, you need 60 percent  of the Senate to agree before you can pass a bill. This usually means  that you need the support of at least some Members of the other party  before you can move legislation.   The party in power doesn't always enjoy that rule. All of us would  like the opportunity to pass exactly the legislation that we want. But  most of us recognize that it is a good requirement.   The legislative filibuster ensures that the minority is represented  in the legislation. This would be important even if elections tended to  break 60 to 40 or 70 to 30 in favor of one party or another. All  Americans, whether or not they are in the majority, deserve to be  represented. But it is particularly important when you consider that  our country is pretty evenly split down the middle.   While the advantage sometimes goes to Democrats and sometimes to  Republicans, the truth is that our country is pretty evenly split,  which means any attempt to disenfranchise the minority party means  disenfranchising half of the country.   Of course, the party in power generally gets to accomplish more than  the minority party--and that is appropriate. The country may be fairly  evenly divided, but sometimes it wants to move more toward one side or  the other.   What is not appropriate is to eliminate meaningful minority  representation, which would be the consequence of eliminating the  legislative filibuster. Our Founders recognized the importance of  putting safeguards in place to ensure that majorities wouldn't curtail  or eliminate minority rights.   That is why the Founders created the Senate. They made the Senate  smaller and Senators' terms in office longer, with the intention of  creating a more stable, more thoughtful, and more deliberative  legislative body to check ill-considered or intemperate legislation or  attempts to curtail minority rights.   And as time has gone on, the legislative filibuster is the Senate  rule that has had perhaps the greatest impact in preserving the  Founders' vision of the Senate. Thanks to the filibuster, it is often  harder to get legislation through the Senate than the House. It  requires more thought, more debate, and greater consensus--in other  words, exactly--exactly--what the Founders were looking for.   I am grateful to my Democrat colleagues who have spoken up about  their commitment to preserving the legislative filibuster. Republicans  were committed to protecting the vital safeguard of minority rights  when we were in the majority--despite, I might add, the then- President's calls repeatedly to eliminate it--and I appreciate that a  number of my Democrat colleagues share that commitment.   I am particularly grateful to the Senator from West Virginia and the  Senator from Arizona for their uncompromising defense of minority  rights and the institution of the Senate here in recent days.   Again, however, I am disappointed the Democrat leader chose not to  express his support for this essential Senate rule. I would point out  that when Democrats were in the minority in the Senate, they made  frequent use of the legislative filibuster.   I hope that the commitment to the legislative filibuster expressed by  President Biden and a number of Senate Democrats means the end of any  talk of eliminating the filibuster. No matter how appealing it might be  in the moment, destroying this longstanding protection for minority  rights  [[Page S138]]  would be a grave error that both parties would live to regret.   I hope that all Senate Democrats will recommit themselves to  preserving this fundamental feature of the Senate and to find  compromise. We have work to do.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   