 Mr. President, I have spoken on the Senate floor  recently on the subject of free speech as it applies to the world of  digital media. The principles of free speech are timeless and are  applicable to new forms of communication. Still, it is natural that new  questions will arise and new mechanisms might be needed to apply those  principles across new modes of communication.   What shouldn't be in question is the need for open dialogue and  freedom of speech in academia. Otherwise, what does the principle of  academic freedom mean if it isn't involved with freedom of speech?   All of the progress that has made modern life possible has been the  result of individuals who have been able to think of things in new  ways, even if that challenged an old orthodoxy. A healthy and vibrant  academic environment is not afraid of those challenges.   Only stagnant, defensive, and unconfident regimes suppress speech.  Think about the recent protests in Russia, Belarus, or Burma. China's  restrictions on the internet and suppression of minorities show that it  is threatened by contrary ways of thinking.   Which would you describe as an advanced, stable, and dynamic society:  North Korea or South Korea? Obviously, that describes South Korea well.  It does not at all describe that part of the Korean Peninsula north of  the 38th parallel.   So what does it say about so many American academic institutions that  the notion of free thought and free speech has now become  controversial? What purpose do universities serve if one of the  purposes is not to discuss controversial subjects? I often say my  definition of a university is where controversy runs rampant.   We hear lots of rationales about why the current generation of  college students needs to be protected from hearing speech that could  be offensive, hateful, or just plain wrong. Of course, none of us  support hateful speech. I don't support it, but I do support freedom.   If you empower those in authority to limit hate speech, whether they  be college administrators or government officials, that power will  eventually be abused to limit dissenting points of view of all kinds,  and that is where some universities are right now.   Even in Iowa's three public universities, we have seen recent efforts  to shut down mainstream, center-right views. For instance, a dean at  the University of Iowa sent an email across a university platform  criticizing a Trump administrative Executive order, but at that same  university, when a student challenged the position of the dean using  the very same medium, the student was threatened with disciplinary  action.   Well, the dean has since apologized for his initial handling of the  subject, so I don't raise that to pick on him. In fact, that very dean  has befriended me in very many ways and in thoughtful ways as well. But  it just makes you wonder if it is part of a broader cultural trend in  academia, what went on in that instance at the University of Iowa.    Then there was an English professor at Iowa State University who had  to be reprimanded for banning her students from writing papers  expressing certain viewpoints such as opposition to abortion or same- sex marriage. The president of my alma mater, the University of  Northern Iowa, had to step in to reverse a decision by the student  senate denying a group of pro-life students student organization status  purely because of their political views.   In each case, the university administrations of these three  universities ultimately resolved these incidents well and properly so.  I mention them not to pick on my State of Iowa's universities and not  to criticize any university, for that matter, but because they seem to  be examples of a broader trend on campuses across the country of a  knee-jerk reaction to shut down speech some find disagreeable.   The best response to the expression of views that you find repugnant  is speech that points out the errors of that particular way of  thinking. Now, I think that is best expressed by the University of  Chicago's policy, which has become kind of a gold standard for free  speech advocacy on university campuses. The University of Chicago  expressly prohibits obstructing or otherwise interfering with freedom  of others to express views they reject or even loathe.   If you are confident in the rightness of your views and you have an  environment that allows free expression of those views, you need not  fear speech you find wrong. Of course, that assumes that human beings  are all gifted with the power of reason and can discern what is right.   Now, if it happens that that is not the case, if people cannot be  trusted to listen to different views and come to the right conclusion,  then there is no basis for democracy and our system of self-government,  then, is fundamentally flawed.   You can shield students from hearing challenging and uncomfortable  views while in college but not when they get out in the real world.  Just think of these college students who are on campus. What if they  had left high school for the world of work? They would be faced with  all these things every day.   So what is special about a college campus? In fact, it is so special  that you ought to have a discussion of all these subjects. Academic  institutions that do not allow for student views to be challenged, to  be tested, to be refined through rigorous debate are doing those very  same students a very great disservice. These students' knowledge will  be limited, then, and their views unsophisticated. Their ability to  deal with different ways of thinking, which they will inevitably  encounter throughout their lifetime, will be greatly diminished.   I feel sorry for students who graduate from colleges that cocoon them  from controversy. Let me repeat what I said at the beginning. I have  always thought of a university as a place where controversy should run  rampant.   The notion that the voices students hear must be curated for their  own good is concerning, not just because it has a totalitarian ring but  because it is harming students in the long run, when they have to deal  with the real world.  [[Page S1417]]  If students are showing up on campus unable to cope emotionally with  hearing conflicting viewpoints, that is a problem of their upbringing  and education to that point, before they go to that university. It is  something colleges need to confront head-on for their students' well- being. Further shielding students from having their views challenged  and then sending them out in the world thinking they are prepared is a  recipe for failure.   Americans seem to be losing the ability to understand the point of  view of those with whom they disagree. That is an unrealistic point of  view for Americans to have. It is a failure to teach about freedom.  Questioning of motives has replaced principled argument. Shouting  insults has displaced logical debate.   Don't you see, this is a societal trend that increasingly is  reflected in the Halls of Congress--right here. Those who have attended  institutions of higher education should have to be exposed to the great  thinkers of the past and the present, be able to argue points  logically, and, more importantly, understand the points of those whom  they are trying to persuade or refute.   College graduates should be models of civil discourse. Instead, they  are too often the vanguard of the closing of the American mind. For the  sake of their students and for the benefit of society, I urge college  administrators, trustees, alumni, and all Americans who value the free  exchange of ideas to work toward reversing this trend.   Open debate may seem contentious at times, but it is the only path  toward mutual understanding, which is so needed right now in American  society, our less-than-civil American society, which that less-than- civil American society tends to show up in a democracy that has  representative government where, if you are really going to have  representative government, wouldn't you expect some of what is  happening at the grassroots to show up here in the Halls of Congress?  And we do see it all the time, to our shame.   