 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support strong of H.R. 5746, the NASA Enhanced  Use Leasing Extension Act of 2021, legislation that I cosponsored, to  extend NASA's enhanced use leasing authority, which expires on December  31.   NASA has used enhanced use leases for almost 20 years to enter into  arrangements to lease idle or underutilized areas on NASA property to  the private sector, to State and local governments, and to academic  institutions and universities.   NASA can then use some of the money raised from the leases to offset  spending for facilities maintenance, capital revitalization, and real  property improvements. NASA expects to collect over $14 million in net  revenue in 2022 from enhanced use leases and apply that money to its  deferred maintenance backlog.   The last extension of the enhanced use lease authority was for 2  years. H.R. 5746 will extend it for 10 years, until December 31, 2031.   This 10-year authority will give NASA and its partners the  flexibility and predictability to enter into longer term leases, which  could reduce the burden on taxpayers and help the United States'  commercial space industry continue to compete and out-innovate the  world.   I proudly represent the Johnson Space Center of Houston, Texas. As a  strong advocate for this vital NASA center, as well as for all of our  NASA centers, I want to make sure that we are doing the utmost to  empower the brilliant men and women supporting our space industry,  scientific discovery, and human exploration.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Mrs. Kim).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close.   Mr. Speaker, passage of this legislation will allow NASA to better  manage their infrastructure, maintain their facilities, and support the  commercial space industry. The provision is fiscally responsible, as it  helps NASA collect revenue from its underutilized properties.   Congress will continue to provide oversight of how NASA uses this  authority in the coming years to ensure that taxpayer interests are  protected and that the authority is not misused.   I would like to thank Representative Frank Lucas, the ranking member  of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, for his leadership on  this important topic. He is a strong advocate for not only our Nation's  space program but for our entire scientific enterprise, both public and  private.   I would also like to thank Chairwoman Eddie Bernice Johnson, my  colleague from Texas, and also my friend, Chairman  Don Beyer, for  their efforts to expedite this bill, as well as the majority and  minority staff of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee.   I would also like to thank the NASA civil servant and contractor  workforce. Despite the challenges posed by COVID-19, NASA employees and  contractors have been able to accomplish phenomenal achievements. From  once again launching American astronauts on American rockets from  American soil, to landing a rover the size of an SUV on Mars, to flying  the first helicopter on another planet, NASA has not missed a stride.  These achievements are a credit to the perseverance and fortitude of  the entire NASA family, and I look forward to witnessing many more  amazing feats in the coming weeks and months. It is an exciting time.   Finally, I would also like to recognize the passing yesterday of Mark  Geyer, the former Director of Johnson Space Center. Mark was a stalwart  leader, a skilled engineer, and a thoughtful friend.   Representing the Johnson Space Center afforded me the opportunity to  work with Mark over the years, and I can tell you that he had a  profound impact on our Nation's space program.   I would also like to wish his wife, Jackie, his three children, and  the entire Geyer family my heartfelt condolences and thank them for  Mark's service to NASA, the American people, and the noble endeavor of  space exploration.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   