 Mr. President, there are lots of things we disagree on  here on the Senate floor, but one thing we all agree on is the  importance of getting the right people to help us do these jobs.   I rise today to honor one of my outstanding staff members, Derek  Coats.   Derek has recently been awarded the Great Griffon Award by his alma  mater, Missouri Western State University in St. Joseph, MO. The Great  Griffon Award is given to those Missouri Western alumni who have made  outstanding contributions to the workforce, to society, or to Missouri  Western. Derek has done all three.   After graduating from Missouri Western in 2002, with a bachelor's  degree in political science, Derek began his service to Missouri in the  U.S. Senate, in the office of my predecessor, Senator Bond. He served  on Senator Bond's staff through 2010 in a variety of different jobs,  rising to the role of district office director.   When I came to the Senate in 2011, I asked Derek to join my team.  Since then, he has served as my State director and deputy chief of  staff, overseeing day-to-day operations across five statewide offices.   Derek regularly spends his days traveling the State, meeting with  Missourians and hearing their issues and concerns. The information he  shares with me from those visits ensures our work in Washington aligns  with the critical needs and priorities of our State. To provide just  one of many examples, this information assisted in my efforts to work  with others to restore year-round Pell grants to community colleges and  all colleges and universities in our State. That, of course, included  Derek's alma mater, Missouri Western.   Derek's knowledge and experience are an incredible asset to me and to  [[Page S7587]]  our entire team. The work he has done in the Senate has touched the  lives of so many Missourians, and our State is all the better because  of it. Missourians and I have benefited from having Derek on our team,  and I am glad he is being recognized for his hard work. He has so much  to be proud of, as does his wife Kellie Ann and his son Carter.   It is certainly my pleasure to join Missouri Western State University  in honoring Derek Coats for his service to the State of Missouri and,  frankly, for his service to the entire country.   I yield the floor.   