 Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 1381 and ask that  it be reported by number.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 2 minutes of  debate equally divided.    Mr. President, there is a little known feature in our Tax  Code created by the Tax Code and the way it interacts with our senior  entitlement programs. It is called the parent tax penalty. It is very  misunderstood, little known, but very, very harmful.   Sadly, the changes made to the child tax credit in the reconciliation  package are not the right way forward. They don't directly attempt to  fix the parent penalty. In addition to this problem, the substitute  changes to the child and dependent care tax credit would make the  penalty on stay-at-home parents in our Tax Code nearly seven times  worse.   My amendment with Senator Rubio would ensure that the child tax  credit is targeted to refunding Americans their income and payroll  taxes and turning the child and dependent care tax credit, which  discriminates against stay-at-home parents, into a young child  enhancement to provide some additional help to parents during those  critical first 2 years.    Mr. President, I call for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 1331 and ask that  it be reported by number.    I ask unanimous consent for 2 minutes of debate, equally  divided.    Welfare for the wealthy, that is what we have here.  Expanding ObamaCare and its premium tax credit without limit would  allow families making up to $500,000 a year to access Federal subsidies  for health insurance. My amendment would limit this expansion so that  no individual or family making more than 500 percent of the Federal  poverty line could receive them.   For a family of four, this cutoff would happen at around $132,000 a  year. Any expansion of the ObamaCare premium tax credit must be  temporary and limited.   Look, regardless of how you feel about ObamaCare, regardless of how  you feel about this expansion of it, I think we should all be able to  agree that allowing those who are making hundreds of thousands of  dollars a year to access this form of government assistance, even in a  pandemic--perhaps especially in a pandemic--is inappropriate.    I call for the yeas and nays.   