 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor today to talk  about our Nation's defense.   Last week, America marked Veterans Day. I was in Wyoming and started  Veterans Day the way I do every year, which is in Douglas, WY, in  Converse County, at the American Legion.   We raised the flag at 7 a.m. We kicked off a day of Veterans Day  ceremonies all around Wyoming. Last week, I visited with veterans all  around the State. I will share with you the things that I hear all  across Wyoming.   What I continue to hear is that since Joe Biden took office, our  Nation has become weaker--weaker--and the  [[Page S8327]]  world has become more dangerous and our Nation is now less safe.   In August, Joe Biden oversaw the tragic and failed withdrawal from  Afghanistan. Because of the President's weakness, incompetence, and  mismanagement, the Taliban took over Afghanistan in just a matter of  weeks. Just before the withdrawal, terrorists killed 13 of our troops.  It was the deadliest day for our military in a decade.   One of those fallen heroes was Rylee McCollum of Wyoming. All of  Wyoming felt the terrible loss of this 20-year-old marine. He was a  statewide high school wrestling champ.   On August 30, the Biden administration left hundreds of Americans  behind enemy lines, in spite of the fact that the President said he  wouldn't leave anyone behind. The administration has admitted to the  Armed Services Committee that more than 400 Americans are still behind  enemy lines.   Joe Biden's Afghanistan surrender was a national disgrace. The  consequences are being felt all around the world. Our friends are  furious. Our enemies are emboldened.   Last month, we saw a hypersonic missile being tested. We see that an  emboldened Vladimir Putin now has stationed 100,000 troops near the  border with Ukraine. Vladimir Putin continues to speak of Ukraine as if  it is part of Russia.   North Korea showed last month that they can launch ballistic missiles  from submarines.   Iran will soon have much, much more cash than they did when President  Biden took office. You say: How could that be? Well, one reason for the  influx of cash is the rising price of oil and a weak enforcement of the  sanctions that we have against Iran. It is easier for them to sell and  more profitable to do so. The Biden administration is trying to  negotiate with Iran from a position of weakness.   Yet the most alarming developments are the strides being made right  now in China. Since Afghanistan fell, China has aggressively flown  dozens of military planes over Taiwan's air defense zones. The Pentagon  admitted recently that China now has the largest navy in the world.  China plans to build more than 100 new ships over the next 8 years.  China is also building about 300 missile silos and plans to have 1,000  nuclear missiles in the next 8 years. China recently tested a  hypersonic weapon capable of use around the world.   These are pressing challenges, challenges like we haven't seen since  the Cold War. This administration has been caught flatfooted.   At the White House, utter incompetence. At the Pentagon, complete  mismanagement. At the State Department, global weakness. No one has  been fired. No one has been held accountable over the withdrawal from  Afghanistan. No one has resigned. There has been no accountability.   It is astonishing, but the President must still believe in his  statement where he said it was ``an extraordinary success.'' He may be  the only one in America who believes that. Our enemies are getting  stronger, and the Democrats are asleep at the switch.   The Pentagon Press Secretary was asked last week which is a bigger  threat--which is a bigger threat--China or climate change? His  response: ``They are equally important.'' This is the Pentagon Press  Secretary. This isn't somebody at the EPA. This is somebody responsible  for the defense of this Nation. This is not just false; it is absurd  for this to be the policy of this administration.   Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin is focused on fighting so-called  dissident ideologies in our military. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs  of Staff testified in Congress that he supports servicemembers studying  critical race theory.   Our enemies are not following that path. Oh, no, they are focused on  winning wars. The Biden administration seems to be focused on liberal  fantasies.   Well, I believe it is about to get a lot worse. That is because  President Biden's vaccine mandate will likely cause the discharge of  thousands of servicemembers. It is certainly a concern of mine with our  National Guard in Wyoming, as it is with troops around the country and  around the world representing and defending our Nation.   Recruitment was difficult already. Our troops are feeling the pain of  inflation cutting into their paychecks, and now the President seems to  be determined to decimate their ranks.   I fully support vaccination. I am a doctor. I am vaccinated; so is my  family. I am pro-vaccine. I am anti-mandate.   At a time when our enemies are getting stronger, we don't need to  drive the men and women who defend our Nation out of the military.   Now, the Senate has still not passed the National Defense  Authorization Act. The Senate went Independence Day, Memorial Day, and  Veterans Day with no action on the Defense bill. The majority leader  now says the Senate will finally get around to it. Why did it take so  long?   The Senate has been debating a reckless tax-and-spending blowout the  American people did not ask for, do not want, cannot afford, as prices  continue to grow and go up and up and up, when the cost of Thanksgiving  dinner is going to be the most expensive in the history of our Nation.   And we are here in the Senate and the House. What are they doing?  They are debating taxpayer dollars for illegal immigrants instead of  taxpayer dollars for American heroes. We have been debating taxpayer  dollars for what Democrats call tree equity. The New York Times even  wrote about it today.   We ought to be debating national security. We should be talking about  the U.S. Army instead of Democrats who have been talking about an army  of climate activists and an army of IRS agents.   We just honored veterans last Thursday. We will give thanks again for  all of them next Thursday on Thanksgiving Day.   It is time, today, for the United States to do right and for the  Senate to do right by all of them. I urge my colleagues to focus on a  bipartisan National Defense Authorization Act, the Defense bill, for  the defense of our Nation. It is time we prove to the Nation that we do  support our troops and we do protect them against--and protect all of  us against--rising threats and keep this great Nation safe.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   