 Madam President, the Senate is considering the  nomination of Mr. Mayorkas to serve as Secretary of Homeland Security.  I come to the floor at this point, before we vote on that motion today,  to raise questions about whether or not he should be in that position  as Secretary of Homeland Security and the fact that I will be voting  negative.   I am familiar with Mr. Mayorkas from my past oversight of the EB-5  investment visa program. From 2009 until 2013, Mr. Mayorkas served as  Director of the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, which  administers that EB-5 visa program.   During that time, more than 15 whistleblowers approached my office to  raise questions about Mr. Mayorkas and his management of the EB-5  program. The whistleblowers allege that Mr. Mayorkas was intervening in  routine and technical matters that were not typically handled by the  Director of that Division. They also alleged that he was doing so at  the request of well-connected Democratic politicians and other  politically connected stakeholders.   As my colleagues are aware, I have long criticized the fraud and  abuse that are rampant in the EB-5 program, and I have continually  reintroduced bipartisan legislation with Senator Leahy to reform the  program. So it shouldn't be a surprise to any of my colleagues that  when I hear from 15 different whistleblowers anything about the EB-5  program, I would further investigate it.   I have also conducted consistent oversight of the EB-5 program across  Presidential administrations, whether they were Democrat or Republican.  So when whistleblowers approach my office with these serious  allegations, as I said before, I am determined to get to the bottom of  these matters.   One of the cases in which whistleblowers said Mr. Mayorkas had  intervened involved a company with ties to former Secretary Clinton's  brother, Anthony Rodham.   Mr. Rodham's company wasn't happy with the speed with which its  applications were being conducted by the Customs and Immigration  Service, so company representatives made repeated inquiries to the  Department of Homeland Security and Mr. Mayorkas. And they did this in  an effort to get Mr. Mayorkas to speed things up.   My investigation found that between 2010 and 2013, Mr. Mayorkas had  nearly a dozen contacts with that company, including direct  communications with its attorneys. Mr. Mayorkas forwarded requests from  the company along to his team, marking at least one of those forwarded  messages as ``high priority.'' He became heavily involved in the  process of revising a draft of a technical decision from his Division's  Administrative Appeals Office that was initially unfavorable to the  company. So, because of his involvement, in the end, th opinion was  rewritten in a manner that was much more favorable to Mr. Rodham's  company.    In 2013, I wrote Mr. Mayorkas five letters about his management of  the EB-5 program. In those letters, I asked him detailed questions in  order to get his side of the story, and when he didn't answer my  initial questions, I wrote him repeatedly to follow up.   At this point, it has been more than 7 years, and I still have not  received answers to more than 25 specific questions that I asked during  that 2013 investigation.   Following his nomination to serve as Department of Homeland Security  Secretary, I wrote to Mr. Mayorkas again on January 15 to raise my  concerns and to provide him yet another opportunity to answer my  questions. He sent me a very short response on January 19 that--can you  believe this?--still failed to answer most of the questions that I was  trying to get answers for.   It is very important for nominees confirmed by this body to be  responsive to congressional oversight requests. Mr. Mayorkas  consistently refused to respond to my questions, and that should  concern all of us in the U.S. Senate because no Senator should be  denied answers to his questions doing proper oversight of the executive  branch.   Furthermore, we now know that many of the whistleblower allegations  made to my office were accurate. Many whistleblowers who approached my  office raised similar concerns with John Roth, the Obama-appointed  inspector general at the Department of Homeland Security at that time,  who released his office's report detailing its investigation into these  matters way back in 2015.   In that 2015 report, Inspector General Roth found that ``employees'  belief that Mr. Mayorkas favored certain politically powerful EB-5  stakeholders was reasonable.'' That is the end of quote of the  inspector general's report.   The IG also said that the number and variety of witnesses who came  forward in his investigation was ``highly unusual.'' Allegations didn't  come from one or two disgruntled employees, according to the inspector  general; they came from current and retired career and noncareer  members of the Senior Executive Service, as well as all levels of  supervisors, immigration officers, attorneys, and employees involved in  fraud detection and in national security.   According to Inspector General Roth, the fact ``[t]hat so many  individuals were willing to step forward and tell . . . what happened  [was] evidence of deep resentment about Mr. Mayorkas's actions related  to the EB-5 program.'' That is the end of quote from the IG report.   The IG also found that Mr. Mayorkas's actions ``created an appearance  of favoritism and special access'' in some EB-5 adjudication matters  and that he ``created specific processes and revised existing policies  in the EB-5 program to accommodate specific parties.''   In addition to the case involving Mr. Rodham's company, other cases  reviewed by the inspector general involved well-connected Democrats,  including former Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell and then-Senate  Majority Leader Harry Reid.   In each of the cases reviewed by the inspector general where Mr.  Mayorkas had intervened, the IG found that ``but for Mr. Mayorkas's  intervention, the matter would have been decided differently.''   Witnesses were also fearful, and some only spoke to the IG after  being assured of anonymity. One whistleblower told my office they were  extremely uncomfortable in meetings with Mr. Mayorkas.   Mr. Mayorkas's actions raised serious concerns in 2013 when he was  nominated to serve as Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security during  President Obama's second term. It is why he couldn't be confirmed to  that role until after then-Majority Leader Harry Reid invoked the  nuclear option on nominations. Not a single Republican Senator was  willing to support his confirmation then, and no Senator should support  it at this time.  [[Page S191]]    Finally, I am concerned that Mr. Mayorkas did not seem to express any  regret whatsoever for his previous actions during his recent  confirmation hearing before the Homeland Security Committee. Instead,  he appeared to take the view that interfering in EB-5 cases on behalf  of well-connected politicians and stakeholders was somehow the same as  casework help offered to Americans who experienced problems with the  international adoption systems. It was a baffling comparison.   Now, every one of us Senators knows that when a nominee for the  Cabinet or Subcabinet comes before our committee, they are always asked  questions by Senators--for sure, I do it: Will you respond to our  oversight letters, phone calls, or appearing before our committee? And  every one of them says yes, but not every one of them--how would you  say it? Not every one of them keeps their word, I guess is what I  should say. So I suggest to them, if you really want to be honest to  take that oath to answer in an honest fashion, maybe when you have that  question asked, ``Will you respond to requests from committee members  in our oversight work?'' you ought to say ``maybe'' instead of saying  ``yes.''   Anyway, I think it is very clear that I strongly oppose Mr.  Mayorkas's confirmation, and I urge all of my colleagues to reject it  as well.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   