 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my  amendments to H.R. 4502, the Labor, Health and Human Services,  Education, Agriculture, Rural Development, Energy and Water  Development, Financial Services and General Government, Interior,  Environment, Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, Transportation,  and Housing and Urban Development Appropriations Act of 2022.   These three amendments, included in en bloc three, support essential  funding for our National Labs. The first amendment, which I introduced  with Reps. Wittman, Beyer, Luria, and Wexton of Virginia; Reps. Suozzi  and Rice of New York; and Rep. Slotkin of Michigan, highlights the need  for funding for Medium Energy Operations and Nuclear Physics within the  Department of Energy's Office of Science. The funding level included in  the President's Budget would advance our understanding of nuclear  physics, study which enhances safety, quality of life, and even medical  care. Scientists and researchers at Thomas Jefferson National  Accelerator Facility (Jefferson Lab), located in the heart of my  district in Newport News, train the next generation of scientists,  advance lifesaving cancer radiation therapies, and have been awarded  more than 150 patents. Insufficient funding for Nuclear Physics and  Medium Energy research would jeopardize Jefferson Lab's run times,  contributing to an increased backlog of experiments ultimately slowing  innovation and decreasing the United States' scientific achievements.   Given the incredible work that Jefferson Lab does, I also submitted  an amendment to encourage much needed investment in the Electron-Ion  Collider, on which scientists at Jefferson National Laboratory and  Brookhaven National Laboratory are collaborating. Again, the funding  level included in the President's Budget Request is essential to moving  this critical project forward. I thank my colleagues Reps. Wittman,  Beyer, Luria, Wexton, Suozzi, and Rice for their support of this  effort. By supporting the development of the Electron-Ion Collider, we  enable researchers to answer pressing physics questions about the world  in which we live.   Lastly, I was pleased to see funding for the High Performance Data  Facility to support real-time analysis for experiments across the  National Laboratories included in the President's Budget. The proposed  facility would meet the needs of increasingly complex research projects  across the labs. Jefferson Lab, the first National Lab to deploy a  graphics processing unit for scientific computing, is incredibly well- suited to house this facility on the East Coast. Establishing the  facility at Jefferson Lab would not only increase the National  Laboratories' computing capacity, it would also enhance their  resilience and help Jefferson Lab achieve its vision for a diversified  scientific mission moving forward. I thank my colleagues Reps. Wittman,  Beyer, Luria, and Wexton for their support of this amendment.   These amendments, like the underlying bill, help us move forward,  spurring innovation, creating jobs, facilitating incredible discovery.  I urge my colleagues to support this bill and these amendments.   