 Mr. President, later this afternoon, the Senate will vote  on whether to discharge the nomination of Vanita Gupta, the nominee for  Associate Attorney General, from the Judiciary Committee.   Ms. Gupta is a polarizing figure, as reflected by the vote in the  Judiciary Committee. It was a tie vote, 11 votes to 11. So she failed  to receive a majority support from the committee, and now the Senate  must vote on whether or not her nomination can come to the Senate floor  for consideration.   I want to be clear, though, the passionate opposition of this nominee  is not about politics. I voted to confirm the vast majority of  President Biden's nominees, my attitude being that he won the election  and he is entitled to populate a Cabinet and other important positions  with people he has confidence in. But there are limits.   The President's nominees for the top two positions for the Department  of Justice did not require this extraordinary step. I voted to support  Ms. Monaco's nomination, who has been nominated for Deputy Attorney  General, as well as the Attorney General himself, Judge Merrick  Garland. As I said, those were not controversial nominees. This nominee  is a polarizing, partisan activist and should not be confirmed to this  important position.   The lack of support for Ms. Gupta is not a reflection on her  political affiliation, nor of her gender, nor of her race, as the  chairman of the Judiciary Committee intimated. The opposition to Ms.  Gupta is a direct result of her history of inflammatory public  statements, radical policy positions, and a laundry list of misleading  statements and flat-out lies during her sworn testimony before the  Judiciary Committee.   The position of Associate Attorney General is not some bureaucratic  paper-pusher. This is the third ranking position at the Department of  Justice, the highest law enforcement Agency in America. The American  people deserve to know that the individuals leading the Department have  no agenda other than to fairly and impartially administer justice, but  based on everything we now know about Ms. Gupta, I do not have faith in  her ability to deliver on this most basic principle.   Ms. Gupta is not a career public servant. She is a partisan culture  warrior with a radical agenda. During her tenure in jobs outside of  government, during which she was a registered lobbyist, Ms. Gupta was  quite outspoken about her views on just about every topic you can  imagine. She slandered Supreme Court nominees. She vilified  organizations that she disagreed with. She even took a crack or two at  a number of our Senate colleagues.   But the words I find most troubling are those that relate directly to  the policies of the Department of Justice itself. As the Judiciary  Committee evaluated Ms. Gupta's qualifications, she was asked about her  previous writings and her public statements on a variety of topics.  There is a lot to sort through.   First, following the tragic killing of George Floyd last summer,  people across the country engaged in an important discussion and debate  about the use of force by police officers and responsible policing  strategies.   The Judiciary Committee held a hearing on this very topic, and Ms.  Gupta was one of the star witnesses. At the time, she was the president  and CEO of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights. She  testified before the committee there, under oath, that it is ``critical  for state and local leaders to heed calls . . . to decrease police  budgets and the scope, [and] role, and responsibility of police in our  lives.''   Well, for obvious reasons, the phrase ``decrease police budgets'' and  ``defund the police'' lead to the same conclusion that she believes  police departments need less--not more--resources in order to maintain  public safety.   When Ms. Gupta was asked about this at her confirmation hearing, she  did not mince words. She said she does not support defunding the  police. So I followed up with a written question for the record. I  asked Ms. Gupta, following the hearing, to explain the distinction  between ``decrease police budgets'' and ``defund the police,'' so we  could understand her views. After all, the Associate Attorney General  will play an important role in making grants to fund States and local  police departments. But Ms. Gupta offered no explanation. She simply  said, once again, she does not support defunding the police.   Now, I can understand when people change their minds. I think  reasonably intelligent people, as they acquire new information, maybe  reflecting on their previous points of view, change their minds, but  Ms. Gupta did not offer a single bit of information for this shift  between her statement last summer saying that State and local leaders  must heed calls to ``decrease police budgets'' and her current  position, which is that she does not support defunding the police.   Then there were her statements on qualified immunity. This is an  important issue for Congress to discuss and debate because it is  qualified immunity that protects law enforcement officers, given the  nature of the discretionary decisions they need to make in emergency  circumstances. Again, there are people on both sides of that argument.   But in June 2020, less than a year ago, Ms. Gupta argued in a  Washington Post opinion piece that it is time to revisit qualified  immunity. Well, you can imagine I asked her about that at the hearing.  And, again, she said, unequivocally, she does not support eliminating  qualified immunity. But, once again, we received no explanation for her  changed position.   And while her statements are intentionally, I believe, unclear at  best, her words about previously held beliefs on drug policy represent  an irreconcilable conflict. Back in 2012, Ms. Gupta authored an opinion  piece on November 4, 2012, in the HuffPost. In that article, she argued  that the States should decriminalize possession of all drugs--all  drugs, not just marijuana, all drugs, presumably, to include  prescription opioids, heroin, methamphetamine, fentanyl, you name it-- all drugs.   Well, I don't have to remind Members of this Senate that more than  80,000 Americans have died from drug overdoses this last year alone,  and much of it would include the sorts of drugs that, back in 2012, Ms.  Gupta said should be legalized--or at least decriminalized, to be  fair--decriminalized, although the distinction between that may be lost  on some.   Well, I am sure that this will surprise no one that this is a  controversial view. Congress has spent billions upon billions of  dollars to fight the opioid epidemic in this country. We passed the  Cures Act, the CARES Act, to try  [[Page S1970]]  to get at this epidemic of opioid addiction and abuse. But Ms. Gupta,  circa 2012, said that these drugs--all drugs--should be decriminalized  for personal use.   Well, I followed up with a question because, during the hearing, Ms.  Gupta talked about how her views had evolved since 2012. Again, as we  all have different experiences over time, we learn new information,  perhaps reflect on our previously held views, I understand how people's  views can change. But then she wasn't satisfied with that answer.   So I followed up with a written question. I asked Ms. Gupta if she  ever made this statement that is printed in black and white in the  HuffPost, dated circa 2012. She said: ``I have never''--never-- ``advocated for the decriminalization of all drugs.'' She said:  ``States should decriminalize simple possession of all drugs.'' Compare  that with ``I have never advocated for the decriminalization of all  drugs.'' Those are irreconcilable positions   And the fact is, if you believe Ms. Gupta circa 2012, it is simply a  lie. It is a lie under oath, potentially perjury. I mean, why do we  swear witnesses in if some of them will take the burden of their oath  so lightly and they would lie with impunity? I mean, what is the  purpose?   She didn't just lie to me. She lied to Chairman Durbin. She lied to  Senator Whitehouse. She lied to every member of the Judiciary  Committee. And, unfortunately, she is lying to the Senate. She has been  given many opportunities to reconcile these radically conflicting  statements. These are diametrically opposed positions. If she had a  good answer, if she cared enough, if she respected Members of the  Senate enough, she would have provided us an answer rather than just an  outright lie.   Here is a fact check from the Washington Post, that great ultra or  uber-conservative publication. As you can see, they gave her a unique  Pinocchio award. I have never seen a Pinocchio award like this.  Ordinarily, they would say, well, you get one, two, or three, or four  Pinocchios based on whether or not we find this to be a  misrepresentation of the facts or a lie.   But here, they said: ``For this tango of previously unacknowledged  flip-flops, Gupta [deserves] an Upside-Down Pinocchio''--``Upside-Down  Pinocchio.'' They went on to say Vanita Gupta's shifting views on  defunding the police, decriminalizing drugs deserve this Upside-Down  Pinocchio, March 10, 2021.   If you published an op-ed saying the sky is purple and now you say  the sky is blue, don't tell us you never thought the sky was purple.  Have a little more respect for your obligation for one of the highest  positions in the Department of Justice not to lie to the Judiciary  Committee or the Senate. Have the courage to tell us the truth and stop  trying to deceive the Senate in order to be confirmed.   As I said earlier, Ms. Gupta was a registered lobbyist and spent a  good part of her career pushing a very specific agenda and a range of  radical policies to go along with it. In the process, she disparaged  individuals, organizations, and political parties who dared to oppose  her beliefs.   She wrote about the growing number of conservatives on the Federal  bench and said: ``Republicans have planted the seeds of this takeover  for decades--and now, they are leaping into action.'' I wonder if she  realized she might one day be in a position of advocating on the  Department of Justice before the very same judges that she has  disparaged.   She tweeted that Justice Kavanaugh ``lied'' to the Judiciary  Committee and ``showed himself to be a partisan.'' And she is going to  represent the American people in the highest Court in the land,  populated by Justices she has called a liar? Well, she has called a  number of other Federal judges--she has described a number of them with  similar disdain.   Now, I find it hard to believe that these views, which are not from  decades-old law school writings or that you can write off to immaturity  or perhaps satire--like we heard yesterday from Ms. Clarke, who has  been nominated to the civil rights division--these are recent public  statements which this nominee no longer claims to hold.   Like I said, if confirmed, she will supervise litigation in front of  the many Federal judges she has disparaged, and she will be in an  extraordinarily powerful position to bend the Department of Justice to  her political whims.   Ms. Gupta is the daughter of a gentleman who heads up a chemical  company that produces all sorts of chemicals for a variety of  legitimate purposes. It looks like, from her financial disclosure  statement, he has been very successful and so has Ms. Gupta, in family  trusts worth tens of millions of dollars, much of it including the  stock of Avantor, the company that her father heads.   I realize Ms. Gupta is not personally responsible, as a shareholder  in this company, but it is clear, I believe, from an investigative  journalism story by Bloomberg dated September 2020 that Avantor was  selling acetic anhydride, an essential ingredient in converting poppies  to heroin, for at least the last decade.   She owns tens of millions of dollars' worth of that stock.   I have asked the Attorney General and the Securities and Exchange  Commission to look into Avantor's conduct because, if, in fact, an  American chemical manufacturer has been selling acetic anhydride in the  country where they know that it will be available to the criminal  cartels and drug runners--and they should know that 92 percent of the  heroin made in Mexico, using acetic anhydride, manufactured by Avantor  and its subsidiary in Mexico--that is a serious, serious problem. So I  have asked the Attorney General and the Department of Justice to look  into it.   Asked about this, asked about Avantor's activities, Ms. Gupta said:  ``I'm aware of the allegations.''   I do not have faith, nor should the Senate have faith, nor should the  American people have faith that Ms. Gupta will act fairly and  impartially if confirmed to this position. If she was willing to lie to  the American people during her confirmation hearings before the  Judiciary Committee, imagine how she might treat others with disdain,  people who hold opposing views in our society, using the great weight  and power of the Department of Justice perhaps to further some of her  partisan, political, ideological agenda.   Can we really expect someone with this track record, this history, to  live up to the highest ideals of the Justice Department? And, for  example, we all know lawyers are taught that, if you have exculpatory  information about a criminal defendant, you have a duty to disclose  that to the other side. If you are the prosecutor, you have a duty to  disclose it to the defendant so it can be cross-examined and used in  the course of a jury trial.   Do we really expect someone who appears willing to lie with such  disregard for the truth to disclose exculpatory material that a person  sued by the Department of Justice would have a right to, or would she  just try to sit on it?   Can we really expect her to hire people around her based on merit as  opposed to some political litmus test? Can we really expect her to  disclose material information to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Court or encourage folks under her supervision to be meticulous and  forthright with the court when seeking warrants? I don't think so.   Given the incredible power of the Department of Justice and all the  tools available to it, Ms. Gupta's radical beliefs and agenda--that she  believes in sincerely, apparently--these would be more than words on a  screen. Her views would be terribly dangerous to the American people.  Based on her track record, I have no confidence in her ability to act  with fairness, candor, or integrity.   As a member of the bar, as a lawyer, you have a higher duty, than  even a regular citizen, of candor. The model disciplinary rules that  apply to lawyers, members of the bar, like Ms. Gupta, who is a member  of the New York bar as well as the Supreme Court bar--they are subject  to discipline from grievance committees in those jurisdictions.   We know that they have real teeth because former President Clinton,  as you may recall, lied under oath as a lawyer and was disbarred by the  Arkansas Bar Association and also had to give up his membership in the  bar of the Supreme Court of the United States.   If the Senate is going to make a habit of allowing witnesses to come  in  [[Page S1971]]  and lie under oath in such a brazen way, why do we even go through this  Kabuki theater? Why do we require them to take an oath in the first  place if you can lie with impunity? What is the point of going to these  hearings if the witnesses are not going to be truthful and answer our  questions honestly?   As I say, I have grave concerns about this nominee's ability to  separate her well-documented personal beliefs from her role as a high- ranking official at the Department of Justice.   So it will come as no surprise that I will oppose discharging Ms.  Gupta's nomination from the committee. I think she should have to come  back to the committee, as we have requested of Chairman Durbin, to  explain these inconsistencies, if she has a good answer. So far,  Chairman Durbin has declined to provide her and us that opportunity.   But if we want to maintain any sense of legitimacy and respect for  the confirmation process, we need to hold people accountable who come  here and lie under oath. And for that and many other reasons, I will  oppose the motion to discharge this nomination.   