 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation, H.R. 2931,  the Enhancing Grid Security Through Public-Private Partnership Act. The  prior bill, this bill, and the next bill are good examples of working  together on a bipartisan basis to accomplish things that are very  critical to this country, and I thank my colleagues for being a very  important part of this partnership.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that we are considering this bill today,  because we simply can't afford to wait any longer to secure our  Nation's critical infrastructure, including the grid. The Colonial  Pipeline attack coming on the heels of the SolarWinds attack was a  bright warning sign that we need to act quickly to pass this  legislation.    Since the Colonial Pipeline attack, ransomware attacks have continued  to skyrocket, and the need to enact H.R. 2931 has become even more  pressing. H.R. 2931 would create a program to enhance the physical and  cybersecurity of electric utilities. This program would develop methods  for assessing security vulnerabilities. It would also provide  cybersecurity training to electric utilities, advance cybersecurity of  utility third-party vendors, and promote sharing of best practices and  data collection in the electric sector.   Under this legislation, the Secretary of Energy would work in  consultation with States, Federal agencies, and industry stakeholders  to create this program. By encouraging these partnerships, we will  better position ourselves to keep the Nation's lights on and to  [[Page H3641]]  protect our grid from the growing cyber threats.   Additionally, H.R. 2931 would require the Interruption Cost Estimate  Calculator, which is used to calculate the ROI on utility investments,  to be updated at least every 2 years to ensure accurate calculations.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and partner in this legislation,  Representative Latta from Ohio, for working with me on this important  bill. I also thank Chairman Pallone, Ranking Member Rodgers, and the  staff of the committee for helping us move this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2928, the  Cyber Sense Act of 2021.   The Cyber Sense Act is another piece of bipartisan legislation that  takes steps to improve the security of our Nation's electric grid  infrastructure. It would establish a program to identify cyber secure  products for the bulk-power grid through a testing and verification  program.   The bulk-power system is essential for providing reliable electric  power to the American people. We must ensure that this system is as  secure as possible. Any vulnerable component in our grid is a threat to  our security, and this bill will take important steps to strengthen the  system.   It would also require the Department of Energy to provide technical  assistance to electric utilities, manufacturers, and other relevant  stakeholders related to cybersecurity vulnerabilities in products under  the Cyber Sense program.   In today's world, there are literally billions of connected devices  in use and the number is rapidly increasing. Most of these devices have  no standards. There is no way for electric utilities to verify the  security of the products, and we are seeing cyber threats continue to  increase. This legislation is badly needed.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Mr. Latta, again for his  partnership on this bill. We have been working together on a number of  issues, and this is a sign of our partnership.   I also thank Chairman Pallone and Ranking Member Rodgers for working  with us to move this legislation quickly, and I don't want to forget  the staff of the Energy and Commerce Committee, who have been so  helpful.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 678, the  PHONE Act. As we stand here today, wildfires are raging across the  West, including in my home of northern California.   Last year, California witnessed a devastating and terrible fire  season. We saw some of the largest fires in the State's history and a  record-breaking 4.4 million acres burned. Nearly every part of the  State was blanketed by fire and smoke, and we really haven't gotten  much of a break. The number of wildfires and the amount of land burned  in our State so far this year greatly exceeds the totals for the same  period last year.   Climate change is resulting in longer and more extreme wildfire  seasons, and this is expected to continue. Worrying about deadly fires  spreading quickly is the new norm that my constituents are now living  in. And worrying about whether they will have to evacuate their homes  is also part of this new norm.   Because of this legislation that we are considering today, the PHONE  Act, which I am proud to cosponsor, my constituents, Californians, and  Americans all across the country who are impacted all too frequently  now by natural disasters due to climate change, will have to worry  about one less thing when they are forced to evacuate their homes, and  that is their ability to keep their phone numbers.   Under this legislation, communications providers will be prohibited  from reassigning phone numbers of customers in areas covered by a major  disaster declaration for the duration of the declaration, and this may  be extended. The bill would also prohibit providers from assessing  early termination fees to cancel services or connection fees to  resubscribe to a new address for subscribers whose residence is  inaccessible or uninhabitable due to major disaster.   There is so much that wildfire victims already have to worry about.  We must move quickly to ensure the PHONE Act is signed into law so  there is one less item on their plate. It is hard enough to pick up the  pieces after a disaster. Let's not add insult to injury.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend, Representative   Mike  Thompson, for his work on this legislation.   