 Madam Speaker, I thank and appreciate  Representative Clyde for his leadership on this issue.   Madam Speaker, recent remarks by President Joe Biden about the Second  Amendment have troubled me and millions of Americans who own firearms.  I think they should trouble people on both sides of the aisle. I also  believe his remarks and attitude toward gun owners should trouble all  freedom-loving Americans, regardless of whether they own a gun.   You see, President Biden's comments about restricting the Second  Amendment show a fundamental misunderstanding of the relationship  between this Nation's government and its people.   President Biden believes that the American people get their rights  from the government. Our Founders would strongly disagree.   In fact, they were so skeptical of a powerful central government that  they created an innovative and remarkable system of checks and balances  to protect its citizens from a tyrannical government.   As it was so eloquently phrased in our Declaration of Independence:  ``to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men,  deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed . . . ''   What powers our Government possesses was given to it by the people,  not the other way around. And we gave these powers to the Government to  protect the rights we hold dear.   The Second Amendment does not apply to a particular firearm. It does  not specify an AR-15, nor does it list a musket or a bayonet. It didn't  have to, because the Second Amendment protects the right that you  already have, the right to bear arms. There is no need to continually  update the Second Amendment.   Madam Speaker, the Second Amendment is not a permission slip, but an  assurance that no law will be enacted to strip the American people of  their fundamental right.   The language of the Second Amendment is clear. And it says: ``The  right to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.''   This right was so important to the Founders that they would not enact  the Constitution without the Second Amendment's inclusion in the Bill  of Rights.   President Biden's remarks betray the flawed reasoning of so many in  the Democratic Party, who insist that the government is the grantor of  rights. It is not grantor but the guarantor, the protector. The  government simply cannot grant rights given to us by God. It protects  those God-given rights.   Americans should be skeptical of any philosophy asserting the  government can restrict the rights we have given it the power to  protect. If they take your guns, what is next? The right to trial by  jury? Maybe free speech? The right to worship who and how we choose?   Madam Speaker, for the American people to keep the liberty we hold  dear, our constitutional protections, all of them, must be maintained.   Thomas Jefferson said it this way: ``When the government fears  people, there is liberty. When the people fear the government, there is  tyranny.''   