 Madam Speaker, I want to thank Mr. Graves  for yielding to Mr. Graves.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of this legislation, and I  want to thank our sponsor on this legislation, Congresswoman Sharice  Davids, for working with us on this.   Congress is often the body that comes in and proposes legislation and  then proposes solutions after something has happened, after something  bad has happened. This is a different approach. This is Congress  actually stepping in and being proactive.   This is bipartisan legislation that recognizes the United States  leads the world in innovation related to aviation. The only way we are  going to be able to do that, that we are going to be able to continue  leading the world with these advanced technologies related to advanced  air mobility, is by being proactive in this case.    We are talking about incorporating innovative technology that is  going to effect virtually every aspect of our lives, but integrating it  into one of the most complex and one of the most congested airspace  areas in the world. This isn't something we can just do overnight once  the technology is ready.   This legislation puts together a working group for us to look at how  this is going to be integrated, what regulations we need in place, what  infrastructure changes we need to have in place in order to facilitate  this.   Madam Speaker, we can't cede this technology, this innovation, to  other countries. The United States has the safest, most advanced  aviation system in the world, but we are not going to be able to  maintain that without being proactive, without thinking through all of  the integration that is going to result; again, whether it be  infrastructure or people who want to use urban air mobility to fly from  one city to the other. In my home State of Louisiana, flying from Baton  Rouge to New Orleans, as opposed to sitting in the parking lot that is  Interstate 10 or those people that want to fly from Lake Charles to  Houston for the day, because they don't want to live in Houston, and  fly back and spend the night in Lake Charles. I am kidding, Texas  friends.   Madam Speaker, the people that work in the offshore industry, the  ability to fly through advanced air mobility to these facilities and  come back, doing it safer; doing it with less fuel, less emissions;  doing it more efficiently, less expensive; that is what this solution,  this technology, potentially provides for us.   There have been studies that show that by 2035, this industry could  employ 280,000 people, and the value of this industry sector could be  $115 billion.   Once again, Madam Speaker, we are not going to realize those benefits  without us being proactive and facilitating the integration of this  technology into our communities.   Madam Speaker, even our military, the Department of Defense,  recognizes the potential of eVTOL technology in its own operations, and  that is why it is investing in the Agility Prime program to help foster  the AAM industry.   The issues that we are looking at include aircraft certification,  ground infrastructure, air traffic control, battery storage,  cybersecurity, physical security, spectrum, and many other challenges.  This legislation helps to ensure that we have solutions in place when  the technology is ready.   Again, Madam Speaker, I want to thank the vice chair of the  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, Sharice Davids, for her  leadership and partnership in sponsoring the bill. I appreciate the  work of Ranking Member Sam Graves and Chairman DeFazio in allowing us  to move this forward in a bipartisan manner.   Madam Speaker, before I yield back, I also want to recognize one of  the hardworking heroes and unsung heroes of this Congress. I want to  take a few minutes to honor our Aviation Subcommittee Republican staff  director Holly Woodruff Lyons, who will be retiring at the end of the  year.   Holly was raised in sunny southern California, and she made the  inexplicable decision to choose to go to Colgate University in freezing  cold Upstate New York. I think she quickly realized the error of her  ways and transitioned to the University of San Diego School of Law for  law school.   She did some time in private practice, and then she began her federal  service over 20 years ago, in 1999, where she followed in her father's  footsteps and worked for the Federal Aviation Administration in the  Airports and Environmental Law Division.   Holly came to the Aviation Subcommittee as counsel in May of 2002  under then-Chairman   Don Young. Madam Speaker, also having worked for  the dean of the House, I also question that decision.   When considering whether to take the job, Holly wondered whether she  was too old to start a career on Capitol Hill. But her first  subcommittee staff director saw there was something special about  Holly, and he told us that one of the best decisions he ever made was  recommending Holly to the committee.   Holly became the Aviation Subcommittee staff director in 2007, where  she remained for most of the last 14 years, working under Chairman  Mica, Chairman Shuster, and now Ranking Member Sam Graves. She did,  however, spend a brief time as deputy general counsel to the full  committee before returning to her rightful place in the subcommittee.   She made invaluable contributions, as the ranking member noted, to  every aviation legislative effort over the past 20 years, including the  Homeland Security Act of 2002; the Vision 100--Century Aviation  Reauthorization Act; the Cape Town Treaty Implementation Act of 2004;  the NTSB Reauthorization Act of 2006, and the Airline Safety and  Federal Aviation Administration Extension Act of 2010. She served as  the lead House negotiator on the European Union ETS Prohibition Act of  2011; the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012; the FAA Extension,  Safety, and Security Act of 2016; and the FAA Reauthorization Act of  2018. Recently, last Congress, she was also the lead House Republican  negotiator on the 2020 Aircraft Certification, Safety, and  Accountability Act.   In each one of these efforts, Holly has been a model staffer. She is  professional, intelligent, conscientious, and hardworking. She is an  excellent and fierce negotiator, as everyone who has had the pleasure  of sitting on her side of the table, or misfortune of sitting on the  other side of the table, knows. She fights for every advantage at every  turn while remaining disarmingly pleasant and entirely unflappable.   In one memorable negotiation, though, Holly leaned forward, made a  circle with her fingers, and told another committee in no uncertain  terms that they had zero jurisdiction over a certain topic. As one  former committee staff director is fond of saying: Holly plays for  keeps.    Madam Speaker, there are two kinds of people that work on Capitol  Hill: Those that have been schooled by Holly and those that will be.   But the reason everyone loves a good war story about Holly is that it  contrasts so much with her usual personally. She is friendly, kind,  approachable, and always ready to help. She has been a wonderful mentor  and friend to junior committee staff. She has almost singlehandedly  trained and mentored an entire generation of transportation and  aviation policy professionals. There is no one who has worked with or  for Holly who can say they haven't learned from her.   Madam Speaker, we often say that aviation is the safest form of  transportation, as though that is the way it has always been. When we  get on a plane, we don't have to think about whether it is safe or not  because of the incredible hard work of people like Holly and  [[Page H6141]]  what they have done over the decades. It is only when we look back over  the career of someone like Holly where we can see how much things have  changed for the better. Without question, aviation is safer today than  it has ever been, in no small part through the work of Holly Woodruff  Lyons.   We thank Holly so much for her service to the committee, her service  to the House of Representatives, and her service to the American  people. Her work has saved lives and made this country a better, safer,  and more prosperous place. We are sad to see her go, but we will not  say goodbye. We still have her cellphone number. Instead, we will say,  see you soon. We wish her and Mark all the best as they start this next  chapter of their life.   