 Mr. Speaker, the integrity of the inspector general  process and the ability of the President of the United States to  appoint inspectors general is dependent on the integrity of the  Presidential election.   During the campaign, Vice President Biden would get 55 people at an  event. President Trump got 55,000 at just one rally. President Trump  increased his vote with African Americans, increased his vote with  Hispanic Americans, won 19 of 20 bellwether counties, won Ohio by 8,  Iowa by 8, Florida by 3, got 11 million more votes than he got in 2016,  and House Republicans won 27 of 27 toss-up races.   But somehow Joe Biden, the guy who barely left his house, won the  election? Maybe.   But 80 million Americans, both Republicans and Democrats, have their  doubts, and 60 million Americans think the election was stolen--60  million people, over one-third of the electorate.   But no one in this town seems to care. Democrats don't care. The  media doesn't care. Eighty million of our fellow citizens have their  doubts about the election 2 months ago, and the media and the Democrats  say: Nothing to see here.   Of course, this town has been out to get the President since July 31,  2016, before he was elected the first time. Four years and $40 million  on the Russia hoax, but we can't look into an election that 60 million  Americans think was stolen?   Nine weeks since election day, not one investigation, not one hearing  in the House of Representatives. We asked for it. We asked Chairwoman  Maloney. Mr. Comer and I asked for it. We asked  [[Page H68]]  Chairman Nadler. Nope, not going to do it.   We would welcome an inspector general investigation, for goodness  sake. Over 200 affidavits and declarations of wrongdoing, but no  investigation in the Congress--no subpoenas, no depositions, no chance  for questioning or cross-examination of witnesses.   Why? Why won't they look into it? Why no hearings? Why no  investigation?   I think it is because deep down they know there were big problems  with this past election. They know the Constitution was violated.   Article I, Section 4: Time, place, and manner for holding elections  shall be determined in each State by the legislature thereof.   Article II, Section 1: ``Each State shall appoint, in such manner as  the legislature thereof may direct. . . . ''   Look at Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania law says mail-in ballots by 8  o'clock on election day. Election day ends at 8 o'clock. Mail-in  ballots have to be in by 8 o'clock on election day. The Democrat State  Supreme Court said: No, we are going to extend the election day till  Friday, till 5 o'clock on Friday.   Pennsylvania State law says mail-in ballots require signature  verification. The Democrat secretary of state said no. For 2.6 million  ballots, she said: We are not going to follow the law.   Pennsylvania law says mail-in ballots can't be processed until  election day, but some county commissioner said no and allowed ballots  to be cured, to be fixed, to be changed before election day. You can  imagine which counties allowed that, you can just imagine. Democrat  counties allowed it; Republican counties didn't.   The legislature determines the time, place, and manner of elections,  not State supreme courts, not secretaries of states, not county  commissioners. All of those entities took actions that directly  violated the law, the law that State legislatures enacted, and thereby  violated the Constitution.   But Democrats don't care. They don't want to look into it. They would  rather just belittle 60 million of our fellow citizens, call them  names, say it is a conspiracy, make fun of the very people we are all  supposed to represent.   Well, guess what. Tomorrow, those people will get a chance to hear  the truth. Tomorrow, those 60 million people, those 80 million people  who have their doubts, will not be treated with disrespect; they will  be treated with the respect they deserve.   Tomorrow, there will be a debate in the people's House. Tomorrow, the  Constitution will be defended, and the American people will see the  truth. They will see how Democrats changed the rules in the days and  weeks leading up to the election and created chaos in our election  process. Tomorrow, they will see what the late Justice Ruth Bader  Ginsburg said: The ultimate date of significance is January 6.  Tomorrow, the citizens of this great country will see why.   