 Madam President, less than a month ago, President Biden  made a surprising statement--or maybe I should say, another surprising  statement. He said: My Build Back Better agenda costs zero dollars-- zero dollars. That is a big, you might even say unbelievable claim.   For starters, half of his agenda is a trillion-dollar infrastructure  bill that will increase the deficit by more than $250 billion over 10  years. The other part is a multitrillion-dollar tax-and-spending spree,  which leans on damaging tax hikes to cover a long list of social  welfare programs to make the United States of America look more like,  say, a European social welfare state. Now, how could that possibly cost  zero dollars? Well, the answer is pretty simple: It can't. Even the  Washington Post fact checkers gave this claim two Pinocchios.   This strategy of misleading, misstating, and--I hate to say it, but  there is no other word for it--downright lying to the American people  is a tried-and-true strategy of the Biden administration. Whether it is  advancing legislation or dodging a crisis, there is no promise that is  too big to make, even if it is patently false.   Another example. Dating back to the campaign trail, President Biden  has repeatedly promised the American people: If you make over $400,000  a year--excuse me--if you make under $400,000 a year, you will not pay  more income tax. Well, we have heard the same talking points from the  Treasury Secretary, Secretary Yellen, and the White House Press  Secretary dutifully comes out and parrots the same position again and  again and again. It is almost as if, if you say something often enough,  people will begin to believe it even if it is not true.   Considering the enormous amounts of spending that the Biden  administration has promised, I understand why they are a little worried  about the truth. All of us like free stuff, whether it is a free T- shirt at a football game or free samples at a grocery store. What folks  don't like, though, is learning that they are being played and that  they are still paying but maybe by different means. So when it comes to  free college, free childcare, and other free programs under President  Biden's agenda, most people realize there is no such thing as a free  lunch. Somebody somewhere is going to have to pay for it, even if it is  borrowed money. The next generation, like our pages here, when they  enter the workforce, they are going to be the ones who have to pay that  money back. Somebody is going to have to pay it back. There is no such  thing as free.   Contrary to the promises made by President Biden and his  administration, the middle class will help to foot the bill for this  spending bonanza. An analysis by the nonpartisan Joint Committee on  Taxation found that many families will see their taxes increase under  President Biden's Build Back Better agenda.   In 2023, 2 years from now, 18 percent of those earning between  $75,000 and $100,000 will pay more in taxes, not $400,000 or more. More  than a third of the folks earning between $100,000 and $200,000 a year  will see a tax increase, not people making $400,000 or more. If this  trend continues into 2027, well over half of taxpayers earning between  $75,000 and $100,000 will pay more in taxes. And a whopping 86 percent  of folks earning between $100,000 and $200,000 will see a tax increase.   Now, you might wonder, how can the President have it so wrong? This  is not news to President Biden. He knows better. He is surrounded by  world-class economic advisers, analysts, and tax experts who scrutinize  and scrub every single policy before it comes to see the light of day.  Yet, you might wonder, why does the President persist in claiming that  his tax hikes won't impact the middle class even as he is trying to  slip them a massive tax bill? I hate to state the obvious, but it is  just dishonest.   Of course, all of this comes at a time when many family budgets are  already underwater, struggling to recover from the fiscal impact of  COVID-19. Now, from gas stations, to grocery stores, to electricity  bills and restaurant checks,  [[Page S7024]]  the American people are being pummeled by inflation, paying more for  the things they used to pay less for.   What is the Biden administration's response? Well, the President's  Chief of Staff, Ron Klain, dismissed inflation as something he called a  high-class problem, which I guess means that only rich people are  suffering or experience that inflation. Again, this is clearly not  true. My constituents in Texas don't see it that way. They see  inflation outpacing their wage increases and essentially giving them a  pay cut. They are paying 10 percent more at the butcher counter than  they were a year ago and 42 percent more on gasoline. If you are a  senior operating on a fixed income, you have to spend more of that  fixed income to end up with less.   So, no, this isn't just a problem for the high class. Unfortunately,  it is not going away soon either. You remember when concerns were  raised with the Federal Reserve Chairman, Jay Powell, about inflation,  and he said: Well, it is probably only transitory--meaning it is a  passing moment. Well, now we see that economists expect inflation rates  to remain steady through the end of next year, which would mark the  longest period of inflation above 5 percent in three decades. So if  inflation is at 5 percent, that means you are having to pay $1.05 to  get what you used to pay $1 for, and it is compounded each year.   While inflation is expected to ease some--or at least we are hoping  and praying that is the effect--by the middle of next year, rates are  still likely to be higher than they were before the pandemic.   Folks who can't afford to fill up their gas tanks to get back and  forth to work or buy what they need at the grocery store don't need to  be told that things are just fine when they know they are not. The  American people need to see real leadership here that addresses the  root causes of inflation, not pouring gas on that inflation as the  $3\1/2\ trillion reckless tax-and-spending spree would do. It would  just create more money chasing the same goods and services, driving  prices up. And the American people certainly deserve better than false  statements that ignore the magnitude of their pain.   