 Mr. President, first, I want to thank all of the first  responders who helped to protect this sacred Chamber today and protect  those electoral college ballots.   Today is a special day. On a day when some 2,500 or more Americans  will lose their lives to the coronavirus, when another 130,000 will be  hospitalized with it, when hundreds of small businesses will close  their doors and put thousands of Americans out of work--on this day-- the U.S. Senate is not debating how to get more lifesaving vaccines  into Americans' arms or how to put 2,000 badly needed dollars into  their pockets. No. Instead, we are using the first days of the new  Senate and Congress to give time to our radical Republican colleagues'  baseless and damaging claims of election fraud--all in an attempt to  keep Donald Trump in office in violation of the U.S. Constitution.  There is a word for this. It is called ``sedition.'' All of these  unfounded objections to State electors are seditious. They are nothing  short of an insurrection against the established order of the U.S.  Constitution and our democratic Republic.   This is a historically shameful day for the Senate and for our  country. To be clear, the notion that there is any meaningful voter  fraud that has been identified in the 2020 Presidential election is a  dangerous, anti-democratic, treasonous fiction. Joe Biden won. Donald  Trump lost--period--but that hasn't stopped the President and his  supporters from making allegations of voter fraud in some 60 legal  challenges across the country, heard by some 90 judges, including Trump  judicial appointees. Not one of these challenges succeeded--not one.  Despite this reality, my radical Republican colleagues claim we must  have a commission to investigate the fraud.   Well, we do know one of the most undeniable instances of substantial  and significant election fraud ever. We even have a recording and a  transcript of it. It is of President Trump, talking like a Mafia boss  to the Georgia Secretary of State--a Republican no less--pressuring and  threatening him to fix the election in Trump's favor, and holding out  the prospect of criminal prosecution if he doesn't.   ``Find me 11,780 votes,'' Trump said. Well, someone should find  Donald Trump a real lawyer and measure him for an orange jumpsuit,  because the list of statutes that this latest, shocking Presidential  phone call may violate is too long to recite. The President's words on  that phone call--indeed, his conduct since his election--demand a  serious response, one much more serious than the sham before us today.   First, Federal and State law enforcement authorities should  investigate Donald Trump for election fraud, extortion, conspiracy, and  whatever other charges fit the bill and, if warranted, indict and try  him for any crimes he has committed.   Second, we must recognize that Donald Trump is and will remain a  danger to our Constitution and our democracy. So, while time is  certainly limited, we should impeach Trump again and bar him from  holding office in the future.   Finally, we should abolish the electoral college. It is a vestige of  a racist Jim Crow America, and we have outgrown it. Every person's vote  in every State should count just the same--one person, one vote.   Election fraud and reform are very serious issues. Election reform  absolutely should be debated in Congress, which is why, instead of  today's Kabuki theater, I invite my Republican colleagues to stand up  and say: Yes, we need to protect and expand voting rights and election  security. We need automatic voter registration. We need online voter  registration. We need same-day voter registration. We should make  election day a Federal holiday. We should restore voting rights to  people with prior felony convictions. We should support independent  redistricting commissions. Let's spend our time debating that on the  floor--debating how to reduce the influence of big money in our  political system, to slow the revolving door between government  officials and lobbyists, to stop gerrymandering and voter suppression.  That is the real election reform that we should be debating and  supporting, not these shameful, craven, baseless objections.   More than 350,000 Americans have died from the coronavirus. That is  the truth. Nearly 8 million people have fallen into poverty because of  the economic crisis caused by this virus. That is the truth. Wearing a  mask saves lives. Vaccines are safe and effective. That is the truth.  Joe Biden won. Donald Trump lost. That is the truth.   I urge all of my Senate colleagues to vote against these objections,  affirm our democracy, and recognize that Joe Biden and Kamala Harris  will rightfully be sworn in on January 20 as the President and Vice  President of the United States   