 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, over the last 16 months, no community  has been spared from the devastation of COVID-19. The virus itself has  claimed the lives of more than 600,000 Americans, including more than  50,000 Texans, and we are still gaining a fuller picture of the far- reaching consequences of this pandemic.   We know that the mitigation efforts led to the closure of countless  small businesses and upended the livelihoods of millions of workers.  The transition to virtual learning robbed children of valuable time  alongside their peers in the classroom. And the emotional and financial  stresses of the pandemic led to devastating consequences for our  friends and neighbors who were already in a vulnerable situations.   As families spent more time isolating at home last year, we saw an  increase in domestic violence. Individuals who were already  experiencing anxiety and depression faced even greater challenges  during this difficult period. And those battling substance-use  disorders faced an even steeper uphill climb. On top of the stress and  isolation of the pandemic, many lost access to treatment facilities and  outreach programs.   No community has been spared from the wrath of the opioid epidemic.  In 2019, there were more than 70,000 overdose deaths in America, a  devastating number. Now we have a much clearer picture of how this  crisis worsened in 2020.   Last year, more than 93,000 Americans died from drug overdoses. That  is more than a 30-percent increase over the previous year. It marks the  largest annual increase in at least three decades.   Following years of fighting to turn the tide on the opioid epidemic,  this is a stunning blow and a deep disappointment. Here in the Senate,  this issue is about as bipartisan as they come. As I said, every State,  every community has been hit by the scourge of opioids, and every  person in this Chamber, I believe, wants to turn the tide on this  crisis.   In 2016, thanks to the leadership of our friend Senator Portman of  Ohio, and the hard work of a bipartisan group of Senators, we passed  what became known as CARA, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery  Act, to help end this devastating cycle of drug abuse and death. Just a  couple of years ago, we celebrated some incremental progress. In 2018,  drug overdoses were down, or deaths from drug overdoses were down 4  percent from the previous year, the first decrease in nearly three  decades.   But, unfortunately, that trend was short-lived. Overdose deaths  increased in 2019, and they skyrocketed in 2020. Now is the time for  the Senate to take further action and help the American people fight  back.  [[Page S4943]]    Tomorrow, the Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Control will  hold a hearing on the Federal Government's response to the drug  overdose crisis. We will hear from experts, including the acting  directors of the Office of National Drug Control Policy and the  Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, as well as  Dr. Nora Volkow, the Director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse.  I hope we will learn more about what additional steps we can take to  reverse this concerning trend, as well as what more needs to be done.   One of the most effective ways to avoid drug overdose deaths, though,  is to prevent those drugs from ever reaching our communities in the  first place.   And, of course, Customs and Border Protection plays a vital role in  stopping illicit drugs from entering our country. And it has seen an  alarming amount of drugs coming across our southern border, as I  speak--one of the most concerning, of course, being fentanyl, a  synthetic opioid.   Depending on your body weight, 2 milligrams of fentanyl can be  lethal; a kilogram, which is 2.2 pounds, could kill 500,000 people; 2.2  pounds of fentanyl, something you could put a couple of kilograms in a  backpack and walk it over to the southwestern border.   In fiscal year 2021, so far, Customs and Border Protection has seized  more than 8,500 pounds of fentanyl. For context, that is a 78-percent  increase over the previous year, and we still have 3 months to go. The  amount of fentanyl that we have interdicted in the past 9 months is  just shy of the total weight from fiscal years 2018, 2019, and 2020  combined. That is a dramatic increase.   And it has deadly consequences. Nearly three-quarters of fatal  overdoses last year were attributed to opioids--some synthetic, like  fentanyl; others like heroin--manufactured primarily in Mexico, 90  percent of which is imported in the United States comes from Mexico.   The alarming increase in the supply coming across our southwestern  border foreshadows even more devastating overdose statistics in the  months and years to come. And fentanyl isn't the only dangerous drug  moving across our southern border. Methamphetamine, cocaine, and  heroin, as I said, are coming into our country at alarming rates.   If people don't care about the humanitarian crisis at the border that  has seen a million encounters with Border Patrol the last year alone,  if they don't care about the fact that we are not stopping illegal  immigration into the country and what consequences that will have on  our country for many years to come, hopefully they care a little bit  about the drug overdose deaths that are caused by the importation-- illegal importation of these drugs across the southern border.   According to the Drug Enforcement Administration's National Drug  Threat Assessment, the vast majority of heroin, as I said, comes from  Mexico--a staggering 92 percent, to be precise.   As we have discussed the border on the crisis, I have talked about  the cascading consequences of this migration surge. When Border Patrol  agents are pulled off the front lines to care for migrant children, as  many of them are, it creates a huge gap in our border controls and  creates huge security vulnerabilities. It, of course, makes it more  difficult for the Border Patrol to do the job that they signed on for,  which is to interdict dangerous people and substances, including these  dangerous drugs.   So until we can get this current humanitarian crisis under control,  we are making it nearly impossible for the Border Patrol to catch or  deter the cartels from moving their poison across the border, and we  are creating even more risk for Americans already struggling with  addiction and drug abuse.   Getting the border under control should be a top priority for the  Biden administration, but they seem completely oblivious to what is  happening, and they don't really seem to understand the dynamics. We  know the traditional push factors--poverty and violence in your home  country--but it takes a lot for people to want to leave their home  country and take the dangerous trek to the United States.   But, of course, they are having the coyotes, the human smugglers,  whisper in their ears and say: For $5,000 or for $7,000, we will get  you to America.   But it is also the pull factors. It is the perception that if you  come to the border, that you will successfully make your way into the  interior and you will be allowed to stay. Of course, that is not what  our laws call for, but that is exactly what these smugglers, the  coyotes, are planning on and what is attracting, like a huge magnet,  hundreds of thousands, even a million people this year alone, across  our southern border. And it is the same chaos and confusion caused by  this flooding of the border and the diversion of law enforcement that  is allowing these drugs to come across the border, which, as I said,  have killed 93,000 Americans in the last year alone.   In addition to stopping these drugs from making their way into our  country, we also need to identify more effective ways to break the  cycle of addiction, and that is especially true for those individuals  who have been incarcerated. It is difficult to know the exact numbers,  but research shows that an estimated 65 percent of the U.S. prison  population has an active substance use disorder. Without access to  treatment while incarcerated, these men and women face a steep, maybe  an impossible, uphill climb after they are released. In order to give  an incarcerated individual the strongest possible opportunity after  serving their time in our criminal justice system, we need to invest  more in effective treatment options once they leave prison.    The good news is there is already a bipartisan bill out there that  does exactly that. Earlier this year, Senator Whitehouse--the Senator  from Rhode Island--and I introduced the Residential Substance Use  Disorder Treatment Act to help incarcerated individuals break this  cycle of addiction.   Now, we know we are not going to be able to save everybody, but for  those who are willing to put in the hard work and effort and to seek  the counseling and treatment that is necessary, we believe we can save  some lives. This legislation updates the residential substance abuse  treatment program and expands access to treatment in jails and prisons  across the country. The program, as it currently exists, already  provides incarcerated individuals with access to treatment for  substance use disorders. That treatment is coupled with programs to  prepare these men and women for reentry into civil society and provide  community-based treatment once they are released.   Because of these men and women who have struggled hard while they  have been in prison and in jail to overcome their addiction, many are  returning to the same conditions and the same friends and the company  and communities that they came from. Without this kind of help, we know  what the results are likely to be.   Our legislation opens up even more opportunities for successful  rehabilitation and continued recovery. It provides providers with more  options to treat substance use disorders. It requires program staff to  be trained in the science of addiction, evidence-based therapies and  strategies for continuity of care, and it ensures programs are  affiliated with providers who can continue treatment after  incarceration. In short, these changes will give the formerly  incarcerated men and women the best possible shot at living healthier,  longer, and more productive lives.   I am sure it is no surprise that this kind of legislation has strong  bipartisan support, both here in the Senate and among the various  organizations that work in this field. Twenty-seven groups wrote a  letter to Senator Whitehouse and me endorsing this legislation. This  includes a broad range of criminal justice and behavioral groups, such  as the Addiction Policy Forum, the National Alliance on Mental Illness,  and the Community Anti-Drug Coalitions of America.   I haven't heard from a single Senator, Republican or Democrat, who  has expressed oppositions or even concern about the bill. This is an  example of the bipartisan, commonsense actions that we need to be  taking more often and, in this case, to address a very serious and  clearly growing problem. These commonsense policy changes can help  people struggling with drug abuse to finally escape the cycle and build  a better life when they return to their communities.   I hope that the Senate will soon pass this bill and move it one step  closer to President Biden's desk. The dramatic  [[Page S4944]]  spike in drug overdose deaths last year should serve as a call to  action for all of us. To secure our border, to help those struggling to  overcome addiction, the tools and the training to do so, there is an  urgent action that we can take and should take to address both.   I yield the floor.   