 Madam President, I rise today in anticipation of a  historic vote that the Senate will take in a few moments to confirm  Debra Anne Haaland as Secretary of the Interior. I am incredibly  humbled to be able to preside over this body's confirmation, in just a  few minutes, of my good friend and fellow New Mexican.   This marks the first time that a Native American will take her seat  in the President's Cabinet, making her the second highest ranking  Native American to ever serve in the Federal Government.   As a Pueblo woman and 35th-generation New Mexican, Deb Haaland has a  long overdue perspective to contribute to the Department of the  Interior's mission of protecting our natural resources and public  lands, and honoring America's trust responsibilities to Tribal nations.   She is uniquely equipped to begin to repair the relationship between  the Interior and the domestic nations it serves--to the Bureau of  Indian Affairs, these indigenous nations, these sovereign nations,  these important departments, the Indian Health Service, the Bureau of  Indian Education.   Speaking to Pueblo and Tribal members in New Mexico, I know the  significance of her confirmation, how it transcends policy. For young  people in our State, she is the embodiment of the old adage that if you  see it, you can be it.   Knowing my friend Deb, although she will be the first, she is  committed to not being the last.   As former vice chair of the House Natural Resources Committee, Deb  Haaland also brings a wealth of knowledge and experience to her role as  the Interior Secretary. She has been a longtime champion of climate  action, creating good-paying jobs, clean energy, and outdoor  recreation.   She played a key role in passing the Great American Outdoors Act out  of the House of Representatives, successfully protecting New Mexico  landscapes and setting ambitious goals for conservation with her Thirty  by Thirty Resolution to Save Nature. But of all the qualifications and  accomplishments that Deb Haaland will bring to the Department of the  Interior, there is one that stands out to those who know her best--her  empathy.   Deb's experience as a single mother struggling to keep a roof over  her family's head allows her to connect with compassion to her  constituents and informs every aspect of her work. It is fitting that  she will serve under a President who has made empathy the trademark of  his administration.   I have no doubt that Secretary Haaland will leave a mark on the  Department of the Interior and on history as we know it. I look forward  to continuing to work with my friend to make a difference for the  people of New Mexico.    I yield the floor.   