 Madam Speaker, this morning, as many of  you, I was watching the National Day of Prayer. While watching, I was  reading an opinion piece in Baptist News and this message stuck out to  me as relevant to today's debate: Whoever has the power, makes the  rules; whoever makes the rules, makes them in their favor.   Madam Speaker, I want you to know that I read that before I saw your  prayer, which I thought was a wonderful closing prayer.   I would point out, some others who don't share our faith may not. I  thought it was wonderful and that is the First Amendment that we get to  enjoy in this country, and I thank you for that prayer.   I rise today in opposition to H. Res. 72 and efforts by the majority  to remove a member of the minority party from their committee  assignments.   This resolution--and I think this is important--was introduced 3 days  ago to the Ethics Committee, but it was brought to the floor without so  much as a hearing before the Ethics Committee.   Now I want to stress, the past remarks or emojis that you bring up of  our colleague do not represent the values of our Conference nor of my  home State of Georgia. I expressed that in her primary and I continue  to express that today.   But if this was about the remarks our colleague made, you would put a  resolution on the floor condemning those remarks. But no matter what  those remarks are or how bad they are, she and every other Member in  this body should be entitled to due process just as every other  American is entitled to due process. And in this case, it would be  before the Ethics Committee before it came to the floor of the House.   But let's be honest about what this is.    Madam Speaker, you have a 10-vote margin  in this body. This body has 20 standing committees. You created a proxy  voting system that allows your Members to stay at home while the  Republican Members show up for work and you have another resolution  that you haven't discussed yet to remove over 100 Republican Members of  Congress, including 6 from my home State of Georgia.   Do you really think that we believe that you are going to stop with  the gentlewoman from the 14th Congressional District, Mrs. Marjorie  Taylor Greene? We know better. We know better. The truth of the matter  is you have got a math problem in passing your agenda.   