 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I call up my amendment No. 2119 and ask  that it be reported by number.    Madam President, as Americans want to buy more clean and  green products, the market has been finding solutions to provide those  products.   The Growing Climate Solutions Act before us, however, will not.  Though it seeks to aid the carbon credit market, it could ultimately  serve only to quell it. Let's just take a look at how the carbon credit  market currently works.   Farmers, ranchers, and private foresters develop these credits to  sell by taking actions to either limit their greenhouse gas emissions  or to capture greenhouse gas emissions from the atmosphere. They work  with technical assistance providers to know how to do so and then with  third-party verifiers who make sure that the proper standards are met.  Companies can then purchase the credits to offset their carbon  emissions, and they can also sell unused credits to other companies  wanting to offset their carbon emissions. It is a voluntary exchange  and an example of the market working as it ought to work.   As the demand for these credits grows, more farmers, ranchers, and  foresters would explore this revenue-generating market, more technical  assistance providers and third-party verifiers would emerge, and  potentially innovation would occur with new types of entities emerging  to create and sell carbon credits beyond these initial three.   So what would the bill do? It would establish a USDA certification  program for the technical assistance providers and third-party  verifiers involved in creating carbon credits on grounds that it would  help small farmers better understand the carbon credit market and know  with whom they may work.  [[Page S4737]]    In other words, it would create a massive accreditation program that  would potentially hamper, not foster, innovation. It would insert the  Federal Government into a market that is blossoming on its own,  imposing burdensome regulation and picking winners and losers in the  carbon credit marketplace.   To make matters worse, it would corrupt the financial incentives of  the market by allowing the USDA to cap revenues and generally regulate  the sale of these credits.   Though it aims to help small farmers to participate in this market,  it could easily be manipulated to demand the USDA set unusually high  protocols and qualifications and then drive carbon credit purchasers  solely to credit sellers working with those who fit and comply with the  edicts of the Federal Government.   This will ultimately only impose obstacles for farmers, ranchers, and  foresters, impede potential new participants, and, in the end, hurt the  environment. That is why I am offering an alternative.   My amendment would transform this program into a transparent,  informational resource for farmers, ranchers, and private foresters as  they look for technical assistance providers and third-party verifiers.  It would include common qualifications and common practices of these  entities and a list of providers and verifiers that they could reach  out to for assistance.   The Federal Government ought to get out of the way for the carbon  credit market to continue innovating and thriving, not squash it. The  American Energy Alliance agrees and has issued a favorable vote  recommendation.   For all of these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this  amendment.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   