 Mr. President.    Reserving the right to object, the Senators in this  Chamber, including Senator Markey, know precisely why I have a hold on  this nominee.   Right now, as we speak, hundreds of thousands of Russian troops are  amassed on the border of Ukraine waiting to invade. This calamitous  foreign policy disaster is Joe Biden's fault. This is the direct  consequence of Joe Biden's surrender to Vladimir Putin on Nord Stream  2. What is Nord Stream 2? It is a pipeline being constructed from  Russia to Germany to carry natural gas. Putin is building Nord Stream  2. Why? To go around Ukraine because right now Russian gas goes through  Ukraine.   Putin didn't just wake up recently and decide to invade Ukraine; he  has wanted to invade Ukraine for years. He did so in 2014, but he  stopped short of full invasion. Why? Because the Ukrainian energy  infrastructure was necessary to get the Russian gas to market. Nord  Stream 2 is all about building an alternative avenue to get the Russian  gas to Europe, so then the Russian tanks can ride into Ukraine.   We had a bipartisan victory. Indeed, the Senator from Massachusetts  supported my bipartisan legislation sanctioning the Nord Stream 2  Pipeline in December of 2019. When President Trump signed that  bipartisan legislation into law, Nord Stream 2 was halted that day. Not  the next day, not the next week, not the next month--that day, the  pipeline shut down. We had won a major, bipartisan foreign policy  victory. We had stopped Russia. We had stopped Putin.   That pipeline remained dormant for over a year--a hunk of metal at  the bottom of the ocean--until Joe Biden arrived at the White House.  Joe Biden was sworn into office on January 20, 2021. Four days later,  January 24, Putin began building the pipeline again--4 days later. Why?  Because the Biden White House made the decision to waive the sanctions  on Nord Stream 2 and to give Vladimir Putin a multibillion-dollar gift  for generations to come and in doing so, to set the stage for the  invasion of Ukraine by Russia.   When Biden waived sanctions on Nord Stream 2, Ukraine and Poland both  said that it was creating a security crisis in Europe, that it was  increasing dramatically the chances that Russia would invade Ukraine.  This invasion that we are facing the very real prospect of is Joe  Biden's fault. But do you know what? It is also the fault of Senate  Democrats.   For 2 years, we had bipartisan agreement to stop Nord Stream 2, and  we succeeded. When there was a Republican President in office, Donald  Trump, I and other Republicans were perfectly willing to hold President  Trump to account, to press him to stand up against Nord Stream 2, and  he did.   As soon as a Democrat got into the White House, our Democratic  colleagues decided that partisan loyalty was more important than  national security, that partisan loyalty to the Democratic Party was  more important than standing up to Russia, was more important than  defending Ukraine. So, suddenly, we have seen the Democrats in this  Chamber bending over backward to avoid stopping Nord Stream 2.   I want to be very clear. There is a lot of discussion about Joe Biden  having a phone call with Putin today. Well, that phone call is real  nice, but it is not going to stop an invasion. I will tell you what  will stop an invasion. Joe Biden could stop the invasion today by  simply following the law and sanctioning Nord Stream 2.   This body could make a major step today to prevent war in Europe, to  prevent Russia from invading Ukraine right now, by doing what Democrats  and Republicans had agreed to do, had done together until Biden  surrendered to Russia. We can do that by passing legislation that I  have pending at the desk that would sanction Nord Stream 2, that would  stop the project, which would mean Russia would remain dependent on  Ukrainian energy infrastructure. For the same reason Russia didn't  continue to invade in 2014, it would stop the invasion. We can do that  right now.   Accordingly, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 3322,  which is at the desk. I further ask that the bill be considered read a  third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I would note  that what we just heard was Democrats in this Chamber objecting to  sanctioning Nord Stream 2. It is worth understanding what that means.  It means that Senate Democrats prioritize political loyalty to Joe  Biden and Kamala Harris more than they do standing up to Vladimir  Putin.   A month or two from now, if, God forbid, we see Russian tanks moving  into Ukraine, remember this moment where Senate Democrats objected and  said: No, we won't sanction the pipeline. We won't save Ukraine. We  won't stand up to Russia.   You know, the whole country endured Democrats going on and on and on  for 4 years--``Russia, Russia, Russia''--and someone who didn't follow  politics closely could be forgiven if they actually believed the  rhetoric from the Democrats. But it turns out that by saying ``Russia,  Russia, Russia,'' what they really meant was ``We hate Donald Trump''  because when it comes to standing up to Russia, for decades, Democrats  had shown weakness and appeasement to the Soviet Union. As soon as  Donald Trump was gone, we see Democrats going back to weakness and  appeasement to Russia again.   The Russian troops on the Ukrainian border are Joe Biden's fault and  they are Senate Democrats' fault for being unwilling to stand up to a  President of their own party.   I would note that this particular nominee is a nominee to be the head  of protocol at the State Department. It is really bad protocol to drive  tanks into somebody else's country.   You want to talk about protocol, how about the protocol of, let's  defend American national security interests; let's defend Europe; let's  defend our allies; let's stand up to a tyrannical bully named Vladimir  Putin. Sadly, Democrats don't want to do that. Accordingly, I object.   