 Mr. President, Hoosiers have heard me talk about the size  of the Democrats' reckless tax-and-spend bill--$3.5 trillion, and  possibly growing in the House of Representatives. They have heard me  talk about how this reckless proposal will raise tax on the American  people.   When I am talking about this legislation back home, I don't have to  go much past the $3.5-trillion figure. People are against it. All told,  Democrats have proposed $7 trillion in spending this year alone--$7  trillion.   Let me try to put that in perspective. Seven trillion dollars is  roughly the mathematical equivalent of putting $1 million of credit  card debt on every man, woman, and child in the State of Indiana.   Now, Hoosiers know this is something we simply cannot afford. Beyond  the massive multitrillion-dollar pricetag, we should examine exactly  what the Democrats are proposing, because this bill isn't just a number  on one side of a ledger sheet. This spending package--the largest in  American history--represents a massive leftward shift in the way our  country operates. And Hoosiers and, I think, all Americans need to know  what is in it.   Well, thankfully, I sit on the Senate Finance Committee, and in the  Senate Finance Committee we are charged with overseeing matters related  to taxation and entitlement programs. So if anyone has insight into the  particulars of this legislation, it would be a member of the Senate  Committee on Finance.   If any legislation this large and this consequential were to pass, it  would surely go through the Senate Finance Committee. But the full  Finance Committee hasn't held a policy hearing in months.   Tomorrow, we will hold our first full committee hearing since July.  That hearing will be on a topic only remotely connected to the  Democrats' reckless tax-and-spend proposal. And to my knowledge, no  Senate committee has held any hearing whatsoever on this bill at all.   You see, this reckless tax-and-spend bill has all been done, largely,  in secret, behind closed doors. I read about it in the newspapers. I  will hear rumors about it from my colleagues.   So it is worth asking: What is the other side trying to hide? What  have Democrats put in this mother of all bills?   Well, let's start with what the Wall Street Journal recently called  ``Entitlements for the Affluent.'' This is the Wall Street Journal's  way of saying ``handouts for the rich,'' which is accurate because so  few of the new and expanding government giveaways in this bill are  targeted in ways that I might support to actually help Americans of  modest needs.   Now, for reference, the U.S. median income for a family of four in  this country is about $90,000. But, under this bill, a family can make  $400,000 a year and get an $8,000 child tax credit from Washington.   How about ObamaCare subsidies?   The original eligibility limit for ObamaCare subsidies is 400 percent  of the Federal poverty level--or about $106,000 for a household of  four. Their bill completely removes the eligibility limit. This means  much wealthier Americans would be eligible for taxpayer-subsidized  health insurance.   If Speaker Nancy Pelosi gets her way, wealthy elites on the coast  will get a massive tax write-off for their mansions in high tax cities,  like San Francisco; or high tax States, like New York.   Now, what else is in the bill? How about $80 billion more for the  IRS?   Yes, Democrats want to add a mandate that banks turn over to the IRS  personal, confidential bank information from rank and file Americans.   You see, if you make or spend more than $600 in a year, they want  your private information. They want to know what you are spending money  on, how you earned your money. I have called on Leader Schumer to  abandon this unprecedented proposal. If you thought the IRS was a  political weapon before, you ain't seen nothing yet.    What else is in this bill? How about $3 billion for tree equity--tree  equity--whatever that means. You can't make this stuff up. Some of the  provisions that are supposed to be about climate change are really  handouts to Democratic constituencies.   The spending bill raises the electric vehicle tax credit by up to  $5,000, among other expansions, with the pricetag of $42 billion. Did  you know you only get part of this credit, this electric vehicle tax  credit of up to $5,000, if your electric vehicle comes from a unionized  plant? I represent a lot of quality union members, great Americans.  They are patriots. But  [[Page S7057]]  under this proposal, plants like the Toyota or Honda or Subaru  factories in my State of Indiana are told to take a hike because they  are located in largely red States with nonunion employees--by choice.   I haven't even talked about the tax increases supported by the other  side that will raise taxes on lower and middle-income households. Some  of these households make under $30,000 a year. This is a clear  violation of President Biden's tax pledge--a pledge that 49 out of 50  of my Democratic colleagues formally voted to uphold just 2 months ago  when we considered the budget.   Ladies and gentlemen, this reckless tax-and-spending spree is full of  giveaways to the wealthy and handouts to Democratic constituencies. I  stand for the working men and women of this country. The Republican  Party stands for the working men and women of this country. We will  stand united against these giveaways to the rich. It is offensive. It  is too much money, and it must be stopped.   I yield the floor.   