 Mr. President, 8 months into the humanitarian crisis at  the southern border, our Democratic colleagues are finally, finally  paying attention. This is after 1.2 million migrants have arrived since  President Biden took office, which apparently did not raise any  particular alarms. Neither did the countless numbers of migrants who  endured abuse at the hands of criminal organizations and human  smugglers.   Our colleagues didn't spring into action either when the processing  center in Donna, TX, reached 1,600 percent capacity earlier this year,  and they didn't show much concern about the fact that the surge had  left huge security gaps along our border, making it easier for the drug  cartels to move heaven knows what into our country. Actually, we do  know what they moved into the country because more than 90,000  Americans died of drug overdoses last year, principally from illegal  drugs imported across the U.S.-Mexico border.   Finally, our Democratic colleagues seem to be paying some attention.   Over the last several days, more than 15,000 migrants, primarily  Haitians, have arrived at Del Rio, TX, a town of about 35,000 people-- 15,000 migrants in a town of 35,000. You can imagine what sort of  reaction they have had. These migrants have set up camp under the  International Bridge, and Border Patrol, State, and local officials  have been working around the clock to ease the humanitarian crisis. Of  course, the first concern in 100-degree temperatures is to try to help  protect these migrants, making sure they have food and water and that  people don't die of heat stroke.   I want to thank the Border Patrol, which does a lot of good work, and  a lot of the good work it does is to save the lives of migrants who are  suffering from exposure or injury and have been left behind by the  coyotes, but it is also the law enforcement arm of the Federal  Government to secure the border.   So the Border Patrol, local, and State law enforcement and everyone  seem to come together to meet the surge of migrants in Del Rio, but  like the frontlines of the COVID-19 pandemic, these men and women have  been operating in crisis mode for months and are expected to carry the  weight of a crisis that everybody knew was coming.   As the Biden administration races to respond to the crisis now,  finally, I am left wondering: Why didn't they see this coming? After  all, 1.2 million migrants have crossed our border just  [[Page S6652]]  since Joe Biden put his hand on the Bible and took the oath of office  on January 20. The President campaigned, actually, on the promises of  policies that were certain to lead to a surge of migrants at the  border, and that is just what we have seen.   When the President and Director Mayorkas and Vice President Harris  say, ``Don't come,'' the migrants see people pouring across the border  in the hundreds of thousands and successfully making their way into the  interior of the United States. The human smugglers--the criminal  organizations that move migrants from their homes across the border-- are getting rich. They are whispering in the ear of the migrants and  saying: These people made it. You can make it too. Just give me my  money.   Earlier this year, a woman who crossed the Rio Grande on a smuggler's  raft said the Biden administration was the reason that she and her 1- year-old son attempted the dangerous journey at all.   She said: ``That gave us the opportunity to come.''   Some of the closest followers of the President's words and the  administration's actions are the cartels and criminal organizations  that get rich off of the backs of these migrants. Actually, it is  pretty good money. Let's say, on average, these migrants and their  families pay $5,000. It varies depending upon where you want to come  from. If you want to come from a little farther away, it is a little  more expensive. If you are a little closer to the border, it is a  little cheaper. But let's say, on average, it is $5,000. If you  multiply 1.2 million migrants times $5,000, that is a huge windfall to  these criminal organizations. It is good business. It is a great  business model.   But migrants suffer at the hands of these cartels and human  smugglers. They often arrive malnourished and are suffering from  exposure. Many young women and girls have been sexually assaulted. Some  of these young girls even arrive pregnant. There are hundreds of young  women who are in Del Rio, under the bridge, who are now pregnant. And  some of them don't make it at all.   In Brooks County, TX, which is where Falfurrias is--it is an interior  checkpoint by the Border Patrol--the practice of the smugglers, the  coyotes, is to get people across the river, put them in a stash house,  which you have probably seen some pictures of, and then, when the coast  is clear, put them in a truck or some vehicle and drive them up the  road, past the checkpoint. Before they get to the checkpoint, they say  to the migrants: Get out of the car. Here is a gallon milk jug we have  filled full of water. Here are some protein bars. We will meet you on  the other side of the checkpoint.   Now, some of the land around Falfurrias, where these checkpoints are  located, is some of the most difficult territory you can possibly  imagine, especially during the summer. Actually, the Vice President,  when she was in the Senate--Kamala Harris--and I sponsored a bill to  reimburse Brooks County, TX, for burying the bodies of unidentified  migrants who died while trying to make that trip around the checkpoint  in Falfurrias. They certainly couldn't afford it as they have a very  modest tax base.   The cartels are always looking for a business opportunity and an  opportunity to make a sales pitch to very receptive ears. When they see  the Biden administration releasing migrants into the interior, they use  that information to convince others to spend the money it takes to make  the dangerous journey north and, certainly, when the Biden  administration releases people and tells them: ``Come back later for a  court hearing'' or ``Here is a Notice to Report. When you get to where  you are going, turn yourself in to ICE, Immigration and Customs  Enforcement.'' Of course, it should be no surprise that many, many,  many do not show up; they do not report; and they are never heard from  again unless they commit a serious crime. Then it is discovered that  they have illegally entered the United States and have failed to show  up for their court hearings.   The point is, once these people make it into the United States, you  had better believe they are on the phone--with text messages, emails-- talking to their relatives back in their home countries. And what do  they tell them? They say: I made it. I made it, and you can too.    So they keep coming.   Well, as I said, this is big business for the cartels. They get rich  off of the migrants, of course.   Second, when they flood the border with all of these migrants--these  huge numbers--it overwhelms the Border Patrol just with unaccompanied  children alone. In the Rio Grande Valley Sector, the Border Patrol  Chief said he has had to take as many as 40 percent of the Border  Patrol off of the border just to take care of and to process these  unaccompanied children.   And what do the cartels do? Well, they are not stupid. They are  actually pretty smart, and they know, when the Border Patrol is not  guarding the border, that this is a tremendous opportunity to move  their illegal drugs across the border into the United States. This  isn't just some conspiracy theory; this is a tried and true tactic of  the narcos.   Earlier this week, the administration admitted to congressional staff  that this was a coordinated effort by the cartels to direct Haitian  migrants to a single location and overwhelm the Customs and Border  Protection. In other words, this entire surge was orchestrated by a  bunch of criminals. They intentionally flooded one section of the  border so that personnel from others would be moved. In fact, there  were 400, I believe, that Chief Ortiz said he moved from other sectors  of the Border Patrol to come to Del Rio to deal with this humanitarian  crisis. You had better believe the cartels took advantage of the fact  that they left holes in our security along the border in order to apply  their poison and move more migrants across the border.   Even though we are familiar with the tactic and we have seen it time  and again, the administration still removed agents from checkpoints in  the Del Rio sector to respond to the migrant surge, playing right into  the hands of the cartels when they took agents off the frontline. The  cartels are simply playing a game. Well, actually, they are playing  three-dimensional chess while the Biden administration is playing  checkers, and the cartels are continuing to get rich off of this  trafficking in human beings and drugs. It is no surprise this shifting  of resources is simply not sustainable. The administration continues to  play Whac-A-Mole on the southern border. Every time progress is made on  one crisis, another one pops up.   The administration says they are trying to control the crisis in Del  Rio, and there were early statements that they would make use of title  42--a public health title--that gives the Border Patrol the authority  to expel migrants based on concerns about spreading COVID-19 because  these migrants are not tested; they are not vaccinated. Yet they are  put on buses and sent off into the interior of the United States to  contribute to the ongoing pandemic.   The administration does have tools. Title 42 would have given them  the authority to turn back the migrants, at least the adults, but now,  with reports that the administration continues to release migrants into  the United States, this backsliding will cause this situation to repeat  itself. Maybe the next surge won't be in Del Rio. Maybe it will be in  the Rio Grande Valley or El Paso or any other sector along the U.S.- Mexico border.   My State has 1,200 miles of common border with Mexico. There are  2,000 miles of common border with the United States and Mexico. So my  State is feeling the disproportionate negative impact on our border  communities, and they need help. Without a clear, consistent, and  effective approach across the entire border, Del Rio will become the  new normal.   There are a lot of questions we need to ask the administration, and I  am glad that Chairman Durbin announced that we will have an oversight  hearing of the Department of Homeland Security in the coming weeks. In  particular, I want to know what the administration is doing with these  15,000 individuals once they are processed by Border Patrol.   When Mr. Mayorkas says the process is working, does that mean he is  taking these migrants and placing them into the interior of the United  States, contrary to the earlier statements that they were going to  transport these migrants by airplane back to Haiti?   I would like to know how many of these migrants are being returned  [[Page S6653]]  under title 42. How many of them are family units? How many have been  released with a Notice to Report--this ``turn yourself in to ICE''  idea? How many of these individuals never report to ICE to commence  their immigration court proceedings?   Most importantly, is the DHS following through on their stated intent  to expel or remove these individuals? That would be real deterrence.  That would discourage more people from coming.   But, if we find out that the administration and the Secretary have  been lying to us--that instead of expelling these individuals they have  been placing them into the interior of the United States, using this  flawed catch-and-release approach--that is a serious problem.  Transparency is key, and I hope we will have an opportunity to ask  these questions under oath in the coming weeks.   I would also like to know if the administration plans to appeal Judge  Sullivan's ruling on the use of title 42. There is only about another  week left before Judge Sullivan's order saying that title 42 is no  longer available kicks in.   It is important, especially while the pandemic is still upon us, that  public health officials have this authority of title 42, because if  title 42 isn't available, the Border Patrol tells me they fear they  will lose control entirely.   Title 42 has been important during the pandemic, and, as we know, the  pandemic is not over.   Unless Judge Sullivan's order is appealed and reversed, the U.S.  Government will not be able to use this to expel most of the migrants,  and there is no reason to believe that many people--particularly the  cartels and others that benefit from illegal immigration--won't try to  ride off of Judge Sullivan's most recent decision and obtain an  injunction against the use of title 42.   Without title 42, we will once again face overcrowded processing  centers and even greater humanitarian crises.   Unfortunately, the migrant surge is only a piece of the crisis in Del  Rio. Those who depend on the ports of entry and the bridges at our U.S.  international border are dying for lack of economic lifeline that that  represents.   And so the Biden administration has been closing these ports of entry  without regard for the impact on these border communities. President  Biden can't put the ``Open the Border'' sign out for illegal  immigration, yet close the border for legitimate trade and travel. It  defies common sense, and it is fundamentally unfair.   Well, there is so much more we could say, but the Biden  administration can't continue to enable these cartels or send signals  to migrants encouraging them to come. This growing crisis isn't fair to  law enforcement and it isn't fair to our border communities and it is  not fair to the migrants.   We need a clear strategy from the administration that leads to  results and stops the humanitarian crisis on our own border.   