 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this  legislation which will give Congress the ability to swiftly enact  President Biden's American Rescue Plan. Our Nation and our people are  hurting. While we have made historic progress developing lifesaving  vaccines in record time, we are now in a race to get these vaccines  into the arms of Americans as new variants of the virus spread.   Unfortunately, the Trump administration left President Biden a mess  to clean up. President Trump refused to develop a national strategy to  crush the virus and said it was the responsibility of the States. This  led to a sluggish and flawed vaccine rollout, a disjointed patchwork of  State testing plans, and supply chain constraints on essential medical  supplies and personal protective equipment.   In December, Congress made a down payment to help jump-start our  Nation's recovery. However, our work is far from done. Congress must  provide the new Biden administration the additional resources and  support necessary to implement a national strategy. The American Rescue  Plan is a comprehensive, multipronged national approach. It is robust  because we need a big plan to tackle the COVID-19 pandemic.   The American Rescue Plan will invest billions to speed up the  distribution and administration of COVID-19 vaccines across the  country. It will support the development of community vaccination  centers, as well as mobile vaccination units that can go into hard-to- reach areas that are often underserved.  [[Page H296]]    The American Rescue Plan invests in a national testing strategy with  funding for rapid tests, expanding lab capacity, and assisting States.  Expanded testing will ensure that schools can support safe reopening,  that vulnerable settings like long-term care facilities can regularly  test their populations, and that any American can get a test for free  when they need one.   Mr. Speaker, we will also provide specific funding for health  services and underserved communities. This includes funding to hire  100,000 new public health workers. They will perform vital tasks like  vaccine outreach and contact tracing for underserved populations. The  American Rescue Plan provides additional investments in community  health centers and health services on Tribal lands, and these funds  will support the expansion of COVID vaccinations, treatment, and care  to underserved populations.   Mr. Speaker, this plan delivers bold relief to the American people.  It deserves strong, bipartisan support here in the House. I urge my  colleagues to act with the urgency of the moment and support this  resolution.   