 Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to discuss the  nomination of Mr. Gary Gensler to serve as the Chairman of the  Securities and Exchange Commission.   To start this, I just want to remind my colleagues, the mission of  the SEC is really threefold: It is to protect investors; it is to  facilitate capital formation; and it is to maintain fair, orderly, and  efficient financial markets, capital markets.   And the fact is, America's capital markets are, without a doubt, the  envy of the world. There are no other capital markets anywhere on the  planet that have the depth, the liquidity, the diversity, the  flexibility that allow growing businesses to grow as readily as our  capital markets allow.   And that is a big part of why we are outperforming the world in terms  of a recovery from the pandemic--coronavirus infections and lockdowns  and all the rest. It is one of many reasons, but it is an important  one.   It is also worth remembering that that recovery can be stymied if  regulators impose inappropriate, burdensome regulations, including,  say, backdoor regulation by enforcements that we have seen in the past  that hamper job growth, that limit access to capital or if these  regulators mandate managers of publically traded companies to favor so- called stakeholders over the interests of the people who actually own  the company, which is to say the shareholders.   The SEC has historically administered Federal security laws and  pursued its mission on a pretty bipartisan basis, but increasingly,  there are some who want the SEC to stray from this tradition and  instead to push the bounds of its legal and regulatory authorities in  order to advance a particular liberal, social, and cultural agenda.   Unfortunately, when he was the Chairman of the CFTC, Mr. Gensler  demonstrated a willingness to push the legal authorities and the legal  limits of that Agency's authority. He was responsible for a CFTC rule  on position limits that was overturned in court and another rule on  cross-border swaps that was viewed by many, including international  regulators, as exceeding the CFTC's authority. This raises questions  about whether he would be willing to exceed the legal bounds on the  SEC's authority as well.   Let me acknowledge that Mr. Gensler, without a doubt, has a great  deal of knowledge and experience in our securities markets. There is no  question about it. He has a lot of expertise there. But based on his  record as a regulator in the past and statements that he has made  during the course of this nomination process, I am concerned that he  will use the SEC and its regulatory powers to advance an agenda that  should not be the purview of the SEC--specifically, global warming and  climate change, political spending disclosures, and issues of racial  inequality and diversity.   Securities laws and securities regulations are not the appropriate  vehicle to address any of these topics. That is the reason why we have  environmental and political spending and civil rights laws, and we have  Federal Agencies that are responsible for enforcing those laws. If  anybody thinks those laws are not adequate, OK, then take it up before  Congress and have Congress change the laws. We are the people who  should be responsible because we are the ones who are accountable to  the American people. It is certainly not the role of the Securities and  Exchange Commission--an independent financial regulator with no  political accountability to voters whatsoever--to address difficult,  challenging, sometimes contentious political, social, and cultural  issues.   I have to say, nothing that Mr. Gensler said at his hearing or since  has alleviated my concerns. Mr. Gensler did state that his regulatory  approach would be grounded in the Supreme Court's definition of  ``materiality,'' but he declined to explain what that really means,  what that means to him, what are the limiting principles.   For example, I asked him if it would be OK for companies to be forced  or pressured to comply with quotas with respect to the race, the  gender, or sexual orientation of their board members. In response, Mr.  Gensler did not disavow the idea of forcing or pressuring companies to  use these kinds of quotas to achieve board diversity.   I also asked him if a company's financially insignificant spending  on, say, energy or maybe political advocacy--if that can ever be  material information that must be disclosed to investors. Again, I was  talking about financially insignificant transactions. In response, Mr.  Gensler essentially indicated that if a number of politically motivated  activist investors wanted to know the information--for example,  information related to global warming or political spending--then that  makes it material information even if it is financially insignificant  to the company, and therefore the SEC could presumably mandate its  disclosure. I think that is completely inconsistent with the whole idea  of materiality.   What it seems to me the bottom line for Mr. Gensler is, as long there  are liberal activist investors who demand to know certain things about  environmental, social, or corporate governance issues, then it would be  OK to force disclosure of those issues, and I was not able to discern a  situation in which Mr. Gensler would not be willing to mandate  disclosure of that kind of information.   There is another issue that is concerning to me, and that is Mr.  Gensler's answers to questions during his nomination hearing about  recent stock market volatility.   We have seen some extraordinary volatility in a handful of companies  for a variety of relatively novel reasons. Some have suggested that we  have to take a paternalistic approach to grown adults and maybe limit  their ability to  [[Page S1887]]  make investments because they don't know well enough what is good for  them. And maybe there are apps that make it too user friendly to buy  stocks, so maybe that leads to imprudent decisions.   I find it shocking that we would actually contemplate limiting grown  adults' ability to make their own decisions. I wasn't sure where Mr.  Gensler came out on this, and in some respects, I think, he indicated  that there may be some sympathy to this paternalistic view that I think  would be a very, very big mistake.   So the nomination process just never alleviated the concerns I have.  Maybe my concerns will prove to have been misplaced. I certainly hope  so. Mr. Gensler is a very intelligent, knowledgeable, thoughtful  person. He is very likeable. I happen to like him personally. But  because of these concerns I have, I will not be able to support his  nomination, and I will be voting no later today.    I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Mark Uyeda, a  detailee in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of  the Congress.   