 Mr. Speaker, I certainly appreciate my friend,  Congressman Cawthorn, holding this because it is important.   You know, to some people, it is just about, ``Well, it is the  economy. It is an inconvenience.'' Well, that is for rich people, like  the billionaires that donated to the current President's campaign. They  sure didn't help the former President.   Well, what are we talking about? We are talking about a President  that is so out of touch. As he has said, ``I keep forgetting I am  President.'' It is very unfortunate.   But if you go back to his days as Vice President, you find what this  President, the current President, was doing in the previous  administration, and these policies are now coming back.   It ran up the price of oil and gas--natural gas, propane. It ran up  the price of gasoline. And unfortunately, for the working people in  America, for those that haven't been in Washington for 50 years or so-- like the current President--they are getting strangled with debt. They  are getting strangled with increasing prices because it just so  happens, we don't have a lot of electric 18-wheelers. We don't have a  lot of massive electric engines that are pulling countless numbers of  cars down the train tracks.    That means every time this President takes another step to raise the  price of oil--which raises the price of gasoline--he is economically  crippling people that are working, people that are on Social Security,  people that have fixed incomes. They are getting hammered. Yeah, it is  an inconvenience to the mega wealthy that donated to the President, or  people like here in Congress that are millionaires, but it is  devastating.   And I go back to when President Biden was Vice President, and a lady  from Panola County told me, she said, ``I am 80 years old, and my gas  is getting so expensive, I am afraid I am going to end up in a home  like I was born in, where the only energy we had was a wood-burning  stove.''   And I said, Oh, ma'am, I am so sorry to be the bearer of bad news,  but if Biden and Obama have their way, you are not going to be able to  even have that wood-burning stove you had when you were born. You are  going to be at home without any kind of energy. And that is where this  President is now wanting to go back to.   We enjoyed the days of cheaper gasoline, cheaper energy. America was  vibrant; and people spent and they went out to eat and they bought  clothes, and it generated jobs. And this President is killing those.  And he is devastating the people on fixed incomes. The people that are  working and poor, he is devastating them--the people that he is  supposed to care about.   Well, it is time for this administration to think about somebody  besides themselves and their mega-billionaire donors. It is time to  think about the American people and the damage that this administration  is doing to them.   