 Mr. President, I oppose passage of the Inspector General  Act. This bill or similar versions of it have been around for at least  a decade now. To my knowledge, the Judiciary Committee hasn't had a  hearing on this specific issue--certainly hasn't had one this year.   As my colleagues have said, this bill has bipartisan support, and  they have a principled position on the bill. The Senator from Illinois  pointed out that he supports the bill now that Merrick Garland is the  Attorney General, just like the Senator from Utah supported it when  Bill Barr was the Attorney General, just like the Senator from Iowa  supported it when Bill Barr was the Attorney General. So it is true it  has bipartisan support. Bipartisanship can cut another way as well.   To my knowledge, every Attorney General, both Democratic and  Republican, has opposed this bill since the very beginning of the  inspector general for the Department of Justice.   Both the Senator from Illinois and the Senator from Utah used the  word ``loophole''--a loophole that an inspector general can't  investigate attorneys in the Department of Justice. That implies it was  an unintended consequence. That simply is not the case.   In 1988, when Congress created the inspector general for the  Department of Justice, Congress had detailed negotiations with the  Department of Justice under the leadership of Attorney General  Thornburgh, and they reached a compromise to keep investigations of  allegations of attorney professional misconduct within the  responsibility of the Office of Professional Responsibility.   In 2007, Eric Holder--not someone whom I usually cite as an  authority--after he had been the Deputy Attorney General, called an  earlier version of this bill ``deleterious and unnecessary,'' and he  said he ``believe[s] strongly'' that it ``would create additional  opportunities for improper political concerns to influence law  enforcement decisions.'' In other words, Eric Holder thought the bill  would compound the problem it purported to address.   In 2017, the Department of Justice once again articulated similar  concerns with the bill.   Just yesterday, I can relay, the esteemed Judge Michael Mukasey--also  a former Attorney General--said that he opposed the expansion of  inspector general authority into allegations of attorney professional  misconduct, which has always been handled competently by the Office of  Professional Responsibility. Judge Mukasey also relayed that he would  be happy to testify at a hearing at a later date on such legislation.   I share some of those same concerns raised about this bill, and I  think at the very least we should have a hearing on what would be a  significant change in the way the Department polices allegations of  attorney misconduct to study its relevance and its impact.   I want to note that the Office of Professional Responsibility  historically has conducted its investigations with integrity and  competence. I did not hear any allegations to the contrary today  either. That is in part because it is composed of attorneys--both  former prosecutors and former defense attorneys--who have decades-- decades--of experience and a special expertise in legal ethics rules  and the many complicated decisions any Department attorney makes in the  process of charging grand jury proceedings or jury trials. The  inspector general and his investigators simply do not have that  expertise. The inspector general is charged with investigating waste,  fraud, and abuse.   We also heard some today about independence and alleged conflicts of  interest. I have to say I am also concerned that this bill would create  a serious conflict of interest itself if the inspector general is given  broad authority to investigate allegations of attorney professional  misconduct.   The inspector general can and does refer criminal matters to  Department prosecutors. Let's say a prosecutor declines to prosecute  one of these referrals. An inspector general could then come up with  any reason to investigate that prosecutor.   I think we all agree that the determination of who will be prosecuted  or not be prosecuted lies with and must constitutionally lie with the  Attorney General and that the inspector general should not be able to  influence who is prosecuted or not prosecuted with the looming threat  of potential investigation.   I, of course, as the Senator from Iowa said, do not want to see a  government of the bureaucrats. But I would point out that the inspector  general is a bureaucrat. The Attorney General is a politically  accountable officer of the United States.   I also have concerns that this bill could empower criminals.   Criminals can additionally use the inspector general to try to harass  Federal prosecutors by making unfounded targets of Federal  investigations. With the wrong inspector general and with the wrong  political climate, a career prosecutor could be under pressure by  leftwing jailbreak advocates into dropping cases against violent  criminals,  [[Page S9065]]  pursuing cases against police officers who have broken our laws. It is  not surprising that this bill is supported by leftwing groups such as  the ACLU, Demand Progress, and the Brennan Center.   The inspector general could easily weaponize professional misconduct  investigations also to defeat anti-crime policies the executive branch  chooses to pursue. Imagine, for instance, an inspector general who  refused to dismiss allegations of racism when the U.S. Attorneys'  Office simply chooses to prioritize gun prosecutions in high-crime  areas. Such investigations have a chilling factor, of course, on other  offices for prioritizing similar prosecutions.   We also heard some about transparency. But I would note this bill  does not necessarily provide more transparency, because, just like the  Office of Professional Responsibility, the inspector general is  governed by the Privacy Act, rules pertaining to grand jury materials  and court orders sealing documents. This bill would not change that.   If it is punishment and sanctions that the bill is concerned about, I  would also note that the Office of Professional Responsibility is not  responsible for the legal level of discipline imposed. That falls,  instead, to the Professional Misconduct Review Unit, the unit created  by then-Attorney General Eric Holder in 2014. Expansion of inspector  general jurisdiction would not change where that responsibility falls.   I, of course, share concerns with my colleagues about politically  motivated prosecutions or prosecutions pursued by so-called glory  seekers. But I do not want to proceed down a path where we  unintentionally exacerbate the very problem we are trying to solve.  Therefore, Mr. President, I object.   