 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I have the honor of representing Yuma County, Arizona.  And as many of you know, Yuma is the epicenter of the Biden-created  border crisis. When Mr. Biden says he is not going to enforce our  immigration laws, when he says he is not going to build a border wall,  it has dire consequences.   We are seeing the tragic consequences of that right now in Yuma. Mr.  Biden's decision last month to release illegal immigrants in Yuma  County on a daily basis has opened up a spigot of border crossings into  my great State of Arizona.   Now my worst fears are coming through: Illegal aliens are flooding  into Yuma. We have now ceded operational control of the border to the  cartels.   In less than 2 months, the Biden administration has destroyed much of  President Trump's progress in securing the southern border. The Biden  administration's open border policy, coupled with Nancy Pelosi's  amnesty bills taken up this week--this very day in Congress will only  exacerbate the growing humanitarian health and security crisis along  the southern border.   It is shocking to me that the House Democrats' answer to the Biden- created border crisis is to take up legislation that would give  amnesty, plus a path to citizenship, to more than 5 million illegal  aliens. This is like pouring gasoline on a wildfire.   We should be enforcing the immigration laws we have on the books. We  should not be giving amnesty to millions of illegal aliens. Mr. Biden  should never have halted final construction of the border wall.  Unfortunately, Democrat's hatred for President Trump clouds their  ability to work together towards commonsense reforms.   Instead, Democrats rammed their radical amnesty legislation through  Congress, even with confirmed reports that suspects on the terrorist  watch list have attempted to enter into our country.   What is happening in Yuma and all along the southern border is  unconscionable. The crisis is only getting worse. Unfortunately,  today's action on the House floor sends exactly the wrong message. We  should not be incentivizing more illegal immigrants to unlawfully enter  our country. Instead, we must condemn these attempts, enforce the laws  on the books, and take all necessary steps to get our border under  control.   God help us all if these two bills become law.   