 Madam Speaker, this is sort of a sweetheart time. I have  the ranking member and I have the chairman, Chairman Grijalva, and of  course, my chairman--thank you--supporting a bill, I think, that is  long overdue.   I think some mentioned the fact that the demise of the buffalo was  the demise of the American Indian, done deliberately. And now we are  trying to restore it on Indian land. This is a bill that gives an  opportunity for consumption of food that is good for the Tribe, but  also economically.   The buffalo is a magnificent animal. We recognized it as a mission  when we had the Buffalo nickel, and it is recognized in your State and  my State. It is amazing that at one time--you may not realize it--we  had tremendous herds of buffalo up there, but it wasn't man that  diminished them, it was climate change that actually froze them out.   This is a bill that will give the opportunity to Tribes to  reestablish the buffalo on Native lands, that history won't repeat  itself, that no one will kill them like they did before, and will have  a sustainable yield of a magnificent animal.   Madam Speaker, for those in this audience and this great Chamber who  haven't eaten buffalo burgers, you better try it. It is one of the  better meats. I am promoting this right now. I don't have a buffalo,  but it is one of the better meats. It is good for the Nation. It is  good for the Tribes. It is good for the buffalo. This bill is a good  bill. It is a bill that should have been, frankly, passed a long time  ago.   Madam Speaker, I believe what we are doing today is the right thing.  I want us to recognize this act as an act that promoted my American  Indian, Alaska Natives. We have three Tribes in Alaska that have  buffalo already, and they are anxious for this bill to go forward.   If you haven't eaten buffalo jerky, try it. It is good, too.   Madam Speaker, I am suggesting respectfully that this is a good piece  of legislation, bipartisan, working together for the first Americans,  and I am proud to be the sponsor of it.   