 Madam President, I won't speak long, but I wanted to  echo the comments of our distinguished Judiciary chairman, because I  have had a similar experience.   As we were going through COVID, I was hearing from our domestic  violence groups in Rhode Island that two things were happening at once.  Instances were going up. People were trapped together. It was very  difficult to find sanctuary houses to go to, and the experience of  domestic violence was soaring. And while that was going on, the funding  coming into these agencies through VOCA was declining.   Now there is a pretty simple--well, first let me thank the Rhode  Island Coalition Against Domestic Violence and Sojourner House, which  provides sanctuary services, and Progreso Latino, which works in this  space in our Latino community, for their great work. There are a lot of  organizations in this space, and I want to start by appreciating them.   The problem has nothing to do with domestic violence or domestic  violence victims as to the money. The problem is that more and more of  these cases are resolved by deferred prosecution and nonprosecution  agreements, but the funding for VOCA comes out of criminal sentences,  criminal prosecutions. So because of that change in the way these cases  are treated--which is actually a good thing, generally--the money is  diverted, and, as a result, the Crime Victims Fund has reached its  lowest level in 10 years.   The victim assistance grants in Rhode Island fell 50 percent--5-0  percent--cut in half from fiscal year 2016 to fiscal year 2021, from  $7.6 million to $3.8 million, which means that many of these local  organizations that put their heart and soul into protecting these  victims at the worst time in their lives have to deal with 50-percent  cuts.   This is simple. It will allow monetary penalties in those deferred  prosecutions and nonprosecution agreements to flow the same way they  flow when traditional prosecutions take place.   This is endorsed across the board. This is as noncontroversial as you  get--56 State and Territorial attorneys general, more than 1,700 local,  Tribal, State, regional, and national advocacy, government, and law  enforcement organizations.  [[Page S4714]]    Just this year, $545 million has been lost to the VOCA fund because  we haven't corrected this. So I would echo my chairman's remarks and  urge my friend, the Senator from Pennsylvania, to find another point of  leverage, another fulcrum, for his efforts to solve unrelated problems,  but let this problem be solved and let these victims be served.   I yield the floor.   