 Mr. President, I also want to, first of all, thank all of  my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. Senator Sinema and Senator  Portman have taken the lead. I want to thank them both--and Senator  Portman for taking at least 40 seconds of my time to enumerate all of  our colleagues who were part of this effort.   I also want to thank the staff and acknowledge, as he did, the  incredibly important role the White House played. At some point in this  process, the White House realized that they couldn't just support this  initiative, but they actually had to own it, and they were intimately  involved in all of the details, and it is something that I know they  will share with all my Democratic colleagues.   I also want to thank the majority leader. He has given us the time we  need to get here, to get a 3,000--close to a 3,000-page bill to this  floor, this comprehensive. I know it has taken a little more time than,  maybe, all of us thought, but the fact is we have been talking about  this for 30 years under Democrats, Republicans--both political parties  at various times over the last 30 years--because Senator Portman is  right. Other nations are now investing at a level much greater than  ours. So this record of a $550 billion investment in hard  infrastructure over 5 years has never been done before.   Senator Manchin often pointed out, as we were sometimes feuding and  fighting over some of the details, that no pothole ever decided it was  only going to hit a Democrat or a Republican. It hit everybody's cars.   We all know we have got thousands of bridges that need to be  repaired. We all know that, post-COVID, high-speed broadband is not a  ``nice to have''; it is a necessity. We all know too many Americans go  without access to clean drinking water.   This legislation will be debated and, I hope, passed in a strong  bipartisan way. We will show our country, and we will show the world  that no country around the world can keep up with us when we make these  kind of investments.   I thank my colleagues.   With that, I yield to my great friend, the Senator from Maine.    Mr. President, I want to thank the majority leader and  all of my colleagues. I want to mention two other things briefly.   No. 1, Senator Tester, who has been intimately involved in this  effort, could not be here with us to tonight, but he was with us all  day and has been up with us for weeks and weeks.   I do think it is really important--the base bill that we will be  negotiating will be the EPW bill. That committee is chaired by Tom  Carper from Delaware. He has a lifetime record, from the House to his  time as Governor, to his time in the Senate, of always working in a  bipartisan fashion. He has spent literally decades on infrastructure.  He will be carrying the ball for the majority on this. We support him,  and we commend him, and we wouldn't be here if he hadn't put together  the kind of base bill that we were then able to build upon.   With that, I yield the floor.   