 Mr. President, I rise today to sound the alarm on the  national security threat that corruption represents and to echo the  determination President Biden made earlier this year that corruption  constitutes a core national security threat to the United States.   Along with many of my colleagues in this body, I have worked long and  hard to fight corruption, which undermines democracy, human rights, and  the rule of law and is behind so many of the persistent problems that  we seek to solve.   The International Consortium of Investigative Journalists--involving  150 media outlets, including the Washington Post and the Organized  Crime and Corruption Reporting Project--conducted an investigation of  corruption leading to the publication of the Pandora Papers.   The Pandora Papers reveal the astonishing extent to which  questionable financial flows are entering our country and that of our  allies. Those warrant further review. Although we had known that such a  system of offshore financing exists, it is still shocking to see the  scale of the corruption, documented in great detail by emails,  contracts, and other documents.   Foreign dictators, their associates, and other foreign officials have  stolen untold sums--billions of dollars--and moved that dirty money  into our democracies, into our real estate, bank accounts, trusts, and  other financial instruments. This is a profound threat to our national  security. It hollows out the rule of law abroad and now threatens to  hollow out the rule of law at home.   Foreign kleptocrats cannot do this alone. Although the kleptocrats  may steal abroad, to taint our political system with that money  requires the assistance of enablers--American lawyers, accountants,  trust and company service providers, real estate professionals, and the  like--who put aside any moral qualms that they may have  [[Page S7145]]  about working for the enemies of democracy to obtain a small slice of  ill-gotten gains.   The Pandora Papers make clear that U.S. enablers apparently play an  outsized role in helping to move stolen assets from dictatorships and  struggling democracies into consolidated democracies--an appalling and  corrupt transfer of wealth from those who need it the most to those who  have no need for it at all.   All told, the Papers include documents from 206 U.S. trusts in 15  States and Washington, DC, and 22 trustee companies.   While there is obviously much legitimate business to be done in  creating and managing trusts and investments--and we should be careful  about overstating or generalizing without careful examination of each  case--it appears that some Americans have knowingly played a  significant role in facilitating corruption.   The Papers include 300 political leaders and public officials from  more than 90 countries and territories--although no Americans and  exceedingly few Western Europeans. This comes as no surprise. The  movement of corrupt money runs east to west, not west to east. It is  the tragedy of the post-Cold War world that corruption has come west  along with dirty money rather than democracy going east.   There are names in the Papers that also come as no surprise, such as  Vladimir Putin's cronies Konstantin Ernst and Gennady Timchenko. Both  are included on Alexei Navalny's list of 35 human rights abusers and  kleptocrats. Timchenko is already under U.S. sanctions, although Ernst  is not. Now would be a good time to consider imposing sanctions on him.  The Aliyevs of Azerbaijan also make an appearance. They collectively  own a real estate empire in London worth $700 million. A Chinese  Communist Party official also was found to have used an offshore  company to trade in U.S. stocks.   Now, here is the good news. It doesn't have to be this way. The  triumph of global kleptocracy is not inevitable. We can fight back, and  we are.   Never before has there been an American administration so focused on  countering such corruption or a Congress so creative and aggressive in  facing down the threat. President Biden is the first President ever to  declare countering corruption to be a core U.S. national security  interest.   Congress has formed a bipartisan Caucus against Foreign Corruption  and Kleptocracy. The House recently passed no fewer than six different  counterkleptocracy measures in the National Defense Authorization Act,  which included bills I authored in the Senate. Now, it is incumbent  upon us to do the same in the Senate and pass these bills.   First is the Combating Global Corruption Act, S. 14, which would  create a public and tiered country-by-country reporting requirement on  compliance with international anti-corruption norms and standards.  Those countries in the lowest tier of this report would have their  leadership evaluated for Global Magnitsky sanctions. Then there is the  Global Magnitsky Reauthorization Act, S. 93, which would reauthorize  and enhance these critical sanctions for targeting global kleptocrats  and human rights abusers--exactly the sort of people identified by the  Pandora Papers.   Just before the recess, I introduced S. 2986, a new measure with  Senator Wicker, that would require the administration to evaluate the  Navalny 35 for Global Magnitsky Sanctions. Russian opposition leader  Alexei Navalny's Anti-Corruption Foundation, in a letter addressed to  President Joe Biden earlier this year, called for the United States to  impose sanctions on dozens of Russian oligarchs and government  officials, whom it credibly accuses of political persecution, human  rights abuses, and corruption. I agree with the Navalny team and urge  the administration to move forward on this request.   All three of these measures have been included in the House version  of the NDAA--the National Defense Authorization Act--and I urge my  colleagues to include them in the Senate version as well.   The Pandora Papers are a wake-up call to all who care about the  future of democracy. Thirty years after the end of the Cold War, it is  time for democracies to band together and demand an end to these  unprecedented corruptions that has come to the defining feature of the  global order. We must purge the dirty money from our system and deny  kleptocrats safe haven. It will take hard decisions and difficult  reforms, but we can get this done. We already have a bipartisan  commitment momentum in order to accomplish these results. Now it is  time that we see this through in the U.S. Senate.   With that, I yield the floor.   