 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, news from this morning that 50 so-called  battalion tactical groups have been sent to the Ukraine border by  President Vladimir Putin--reports in American newspapers suggest that  over the last several days there has been an increased amount of  movement in Russian military assets to the Ukraine border.   This is a crisis that is deepening. There remains a diplomatic off- ramp, but that off-ramp only exists if Vladimir Putin sees the United  States and its allies, especially those in Europe, united in our desire  to support Ukraine in its time of need with the kind of assets they  will need to defend themselves, but also with a commitment to levy  unprecedented sanctions on Russia, long-lasting, deep sanctions, if  they go forward with an incursion deeper into Ukraine than Russia  already is.   But, right now, as we speak on the Senate floor, a small handful of  Senate Republicans are blocking the key diplomatic personnel that would  be able to unite U.S. policy with Europe around Russia's threatened  invasion of Ukraine. And so I hear a lot of really strong-sounding  press statements from many of my Republican colleagues, often the exact  same Republican colleagues who are blocking these nominees, about how  Joe Biden needs to stand strong for Ukraine, while, at the same time,  they are down here on the floor denying President Biden the personnel  that he needs in order to enact a policy that can save Ukraine from  disaster--the Assistant Secretary for International Organizations, the  U.S. Representative to the EU, the U.S. Representative to OECD,  numerous Ambassadors to European countries, including our Ambassador to  France, France being one of the key nations that will help orchestrate  a policy of cohesion amongst European nations with respect to the  crisis in Ukraine.   And so everybody sees what is going on here. Not all of my Republican  colleagues, but a small handful of my Republican colleagues, are  setting the President up, raising expectations about what he should be  able to do to save Ukraine but then denying him the personnel to get it  done.   And I understand that, you know, the refrain from my Republican  colleagues is, well, you know, Senator Schumer should just file  cloture. They know how this works. For cloture, because of our current  rules, the whole process takes days. We have pages full of nominees  that we have to do. We wouldn't be able to conduct any other business.  The Senate has never run like this.   When the Senate has had qualified nominees like Jack Markell, Mark  Gitenstein, Denise Bauer in front of it, it has never required days of  debate, cloture motions, in order to get key personnel, especially at  times of need right now.   I hope we get an agreement to move nominees, but, frankly, time is  running short for Ukraine. Time is running short for the Ukrainian  people, and my Republican colleagues--the handful that are blocking  these nominees--better decide whether they are interested in scoring  political points or whether they are interested in standing up for the  security of the United States and the security of the Ukrainian people.   