 Madam President, I would like to start by thanking my  colleague from Wyoming and my colleague from Iowa for their comments  about where we are as a country 100 days into the Biden administration.   It has been discouraging that we haven't seen more bipartisan work  and with regard to the border, having been down there a couple of weeks  ago, particularly discouraging that we can't come up with a bipartisan  solution that deals with the obvious crisis on the border.   Of course it is a crisis. Everybody knows that, including the Biden  administration. The question is, What are we going to do about it? Some  of us have laid out some proposals that we think would be very  sensible, that could be done on a bipartisan basis. Yet we are not  getting the kind of cooperation from the White House or the other side  of the aisle, frankly, with regard to dealing with a clear crisis.   In my time here in Congress, I have tried to work to bring  Republicans and Democrats together on issues. I think that is the best  thing for our country. I think you get, actually, better legislation if  you have input from both sides, and I think you also have more  sustainable legislation.   If you don't work in a bipartisan way, what happens when there is a  50-50 Senate, as there is now, and where the Vice President can supply  the tie-breaking vote, and if you do things on the basis of  reconciliation or getting rid of the filibuster, which is what the  Democratic majority currently would like to do, you end up lurching  back and forth, don't you? So you pass Democratic legislation and then,  when Republicans take over, Republican legislation.   We should be focusing on American legislation. In my office, we have  had some success with this bipartisan approach. Sixty-eight of my bills  were signed into law by President Obama, and 82 of my bills were signed  into law by President Trump--on important issues like the eviction  crisis, job creation, and natural resource protection. So it can be  done, and President Biden knows that. He served here in the Senate. In  fact, he took pride in coming together with Republicans and Democrats  to actually have agreements on some of these tough issues.   Although I didn't vote for him because I thought that President Trump  had better policy ideas, coming into this new administration, I was  hopeful that President Biden would govern as he had campaigned. He  promised, you remember, in his campaign to reach out to Republicans and  Democrats alike. He talked about the need for unity. In fact, he gave  that same speech in the primary and in the general election, which I  thought took some courage, frankly, to do so in the primary because  most of his opponents did not take that position. Yet, now having  gotten elected, he seems to have forgotten the pledges that he made.   I listened to his inaugural address intently, as I hope a lot of  Americans did--and certainly my colleagues did--and he talked again  about reaching out, going back to the days when we could work together,  and he focused on unity. I was very hopeful with the tone he set that  day, and I said so at the time. Yet that rhetoric has not been matched  by action. It hasn't been matched by action when it comes to key policy  initiatives they have already put forward, including the latest COVID- 19 spending bill that passed in March.   Remember, despite a 50-50 Senate and very tight majority in the House  of Representatives, there was no outreach to Republicans for the COVID- 19 legislation. Not a single Republican was consulted before unveiling  the plan, and once it was out there, Democrats chose to work only among  themselves and do it under what is called reconciliation, where they  don't need a single Republican vote--this despite some of us having an  alternative, which we actually presented to the White House. The next  day, we were told: Thank you, but we are going to take the  reconciliation approach, and we don't need any Republican input.   That is too bad because the COVID-19 issue, obviously, is one where  there has been not just bipartisanship but nonpartisanship. Five times  last year, we passed major COVID-19 legislative initiatives with huge  majorities. In one case, the biggest bill, the CARES package, passed  with a 97-to-0 vote here. So this is one where we had always been able  to work together.   Unfortunately, the Biden administration chose the partisan path.  Right now, the Biden administration is repeating this same mistake, as  far as I can tell, because they have introduced their $2.3 trillion  infrastructure package without consulting, again, any Republicans.   We now hear that the White House and some Democratic leaders may want  to pass this latest partisan proposal by reconciliation as well. I hope  that is not true because, again, this is an area--infrastructure--where  we have been able to work together on a bipartisan basis and get things  done. In fact, typically that is how it happens with infrastructure   Last Congress, we passed a bill out of committee on highways and  bridges with a unanimous vote--not just a majority vote, a unanimous  vote--by Republicans and Democrats. But the proposal they put forward,  first, is not really about infrastructure because it dramatically  expands the definition of ``infrastructure'' so that it is not at all  what traditionally you would think or I would think of as the kind of  hard assets--roads, bridges, ports, airports, transit, even broadband.   Even the most generous description of ``infrastructure'' applied to  this bill means that less than 20 percent of it, 20 percent of $2.3  trillion, is about infrastructure. It is about other things. And we can  have a debate on those other things, whether it is nursing home  subsidies or whether it is subsidies to electric car companies or  whether it is more childcare. Those are all issues we can discuss, but  they are not, obviously, infrastructure issues.   Proposing to pay for this huge plan with taxes on American workers  makes it even worse. So the $2.3 trillion plan is not mostly  infrastructure--80 percent is not--but then the taxes that would apply  to America and to American workers would be devastating, making us  noncompetitive in the global economy again after finally we were  getting our act together.   In 2018 and 2019, we saw a big increase in our economy, large  increases in terms of employment. Also, wages were going up. We had the  lowest poverty rate in the history of our country, going back to the  1950s, partly because we were putting in place policies that made sense  in terms of tax reform to create more incentives to invest and bring  jobs here to this country. That would all be changed under these tax  increases that are being proposed to pay for this big, new Biden  infrastructure package.   Making us less competitive in global markets and putting American  workers at a disadvantage again is not the right way to go. The  American people don't want that. The American people think we should be  doing all we can to get businesses back on their feet right now so that  people can get employment and so we can ensure that the economy  continues to improve as we come out of the coronavirus pandemic.   Infrastructure, again, has always been so bipartisan. Why would, in  this case, we want to take it down the partisan road?   Past Presidents, by the way, have shown that they can get big things  done early in their administration. So during this first hundred days,  there was an opportunity to reach out. I hope in the second hundred  days, it will be different.   Let me give a couple of examples. When President Bill Clinton got  elected, he worked with Republicans and Democrats to pass what was  called the North American Free Trade Agreement. He got a lot of support  from the Republican side of the aisle--in fact, even more than he got  from the Democratic side of the aisle--and he pushed that through.  Ronald Reagan's economic reforms of 1981 passed the Senate with an  overwhelming margin of 89 to 11.   Last night, C-SPAN allowed us to look back in history at some of the  speeches Presidents gave after their first hundred days. One was Ronald  Reagan's speech to the joint session that I saw last night. It was  amazing. Republicans and Democrats alike were  [[Page S2274]]  standing because President Reagan said: ``I want to work with all of  you.'' And he showed he would work with all of them by passing those  economic reforms in 1981.   We should all want the Biden administration to succeed in putting in  place bipartisan policies that help our constituents and help our  country, but that can only happen if they agree to reverse course and  engage with Republicans in a genuine way. That is clearly what the  American people want. In a recent poll, a Washington Post and ABC poll,  60 percent of respondents, including two-thirds of Independents, said  they wanted the Biden administration to work with Republicans to make  these proposals bipartisan--twice the number that wanted him to pursue  the partisan path chosen so far.   I suggest to my constituents in Ohio and all Americans who will be  listening tonight: Don't just listen to the rhetoric; look at the  action because the rhetoric thus far has not been matched by actions.   We were promised bipartisanship as a path toward unity. For the sake  of our country, it is time to keep that promise.   I yield the floor   