 Mr. Speaker, this bill is what Democrat control  looks like.   At $1.9 trillion, this bill spends an average of $6,000 per American  citizen.   What would you say to somebody claiming to be a friend, who forced  you to take out a loan for $6,000 because he might give you $1,400 from  a portion of those loan proceeds? Would you consider that a good deal?   What if the same friend had already forced you to take out loans  totaling $85,000 and you had little to nothing to show for it?   That is the average citizen's share of the national debt.   This bill takes aggregate so-called COVID relief spending to $6  trillion to alleviate an estimated $300 billion in lost wages. This is  20 times the spending compared to the lost wages.   What is next?   This is not even the beginning of the end of the Democrats'  insatiable desire to spend their citizens into financial ruin.   Only 9 percent of the $1.9 trillion is even related to COVID relief,  while 91 percent is for pet Democrat projects.   We still have $1 trillion unspent from the previous $4 trillion, and  despite the efforts of the Republicans on the Budget Committee begging  the President for answers, we can't even get an accounting for that.   The bill gives $500 billion in bailouts to failed, poorly run blue  State governments that have only lost an estimated $7.6 billion in  revenue. The bill does nothing to push the blue States to reopen, to  even get the bailout money. Those amendments were rejected.   At least the House Democrats didn't call us Neanderthals when they  voted against reopening.   The CDC estimated last spring that it would cost $25 billion to  reopen the schools, and there was $70 billion already spent in the $4  trillion worth of COVID packages from last year. However, there is no  pressure on the schools to reopen to get the additional $130 billion  that is in this bill. Those amendments were rejected, too.   Only 5 percent of the $130 billion will even be spent this year. That  is how essential it is for COVID relief.   But there is $12 billion in foreign aid, $270 billion for arts and  humanities, and millions more for the Speaker's pet projects. With $30  trillion in national debt, which will be the balance when this is  passed, we will owe $90,000 per citizen.   How dare we do that to the next generation.   