 Madam President, for Senator Toomey, I won't be long  because it doesn't take long to tell the truth.   I am here to support Tracy Stone-Manning as next Director of the BLM.  Why? Because she understands the value of public lands. She understands  public lands need to be managed and need to be managed in a way so they  can stay in public hands. She understands that the way you get things  done is, be collaborative, bring people together, and talk issues out.  That is Tracy Stone-Manning.   I often wonder on the Senate floor, if you tell a lie enough times,  if it becomes the truth. The chairman of the Energy and Natural  Resources Committee has laid out the facts. And the truth is, Tracy  Stone-Manning did nothing wrong. In fact, the people who went to jail  went to jail because of Tracy Stone-Manning.   But that aside, character assassination isn't something we should put  up with in this body. God only knows, if  [[Page S6817]]  we look back into the past of everybody who serves here, what we might  find.   But I am here to tell you, to listen to the Senator from Wyoming  stand up and say: We are going to hold every Democrat accountable--you  are damn right. Hold me accountable for Tracy Stone-Manning. I worked  with her. I know what she does. I know she can get the job done. She  can bring people together of all political ilks, and she can do what is  necessary for the American people--in this case, with our public lands.   I am going to point out one thing that Tracy Stone-Manning did that  was wrong. She actually agreed to be Governor Bullock's chief of staff.  If somebody wants to go into the investigation and find out what has  happened over the last 3 years with the Governor running against a  sitting Senator in this body and her being the Governor's chief of  staff, you will find out why folks stand up and make stuff up about  Tracy Stone-Manning because the facts don't back up what they are  saying.   Yes. Listen to it again. If you are out there, the folks who have  come to the floor on the Republican side of the aisle and bashed Tracy  Stone-Manning--the facts don't back up what the claims are, and the  character assassination is not something you should be proud of. Ye who  throws stones ought to be very, very careful.   With that, I want to say this: Tracy Stone-Manning is not new to this  process. She has been a leader. She is somebody who knows how to bring  people together. She is somebody who has utilized our public lands. She  is somebody who knows how valuable these public lands are. She is  somebody who will do a great job as the head of the BLM.   I encourage any of the Senators on the other side of the aisle to  take up any other claims with me, not her. I would love to answer them.   I encourage this body to vote for the confirmation of Tracy Stone- Manning because it is the right thing to do.   I yield the floor.    I want to thank you, Mr. President, the fine Senator from  Georgia, for the recognition.   Look, I have been listening to the debate here, or the conversation-- however you want to say it--on the floor for the last hour and a half  about Tracy Stone-Manning.   I will tell you that I take advice and consent that the United States  has, and the Members of this body has, very seriously. That means not  just picking up talking points the leadership might give you and  reciting them back on the floor time and time and time again--which, by  the way, I heard the same talking points time and time and time again  for the last hour and a half. But it is to find out what is going on  with this person because it is our duty to make sure there are good  people in these Agencies.   I wish we had taken that same kind of thought with some of the folks  President Trump put forth, but it seems, though, the rules have  changed.   Now we are going to take a good woman--a good woman--the State of  Montana knows well. In fact, she was vetted in the State of Montana.  They said all these accusations have no merit. We are going to run her  through the ringer here--character assassination like I have never seen  before.   But let's be honest. What is this really about? Is this about Tracy  Stone-Manning? No. This is about the Republicans in the Senate trying  to make Joe Biden look bad. That is what this is about. Make no mistake  about it--that is what this is about.   So let's get back to the issue at hand, and that is the person who  has been nominated to run the BLM, Tracy Stone-Manning--somebody I have  known for the last 25 years; somebody I have worked with for the last  20 years; somebody who, when she was on my staff, worked with the wood  products industry, worked with recreation folks--worked with everybody  out there--to write a bill on how we could better manage our national  forests with Montana input.   She is somebody who lives by the statement ``You have two ears and  one mouth; act accordingly.'' She is somebody who knows the value of  collaboration. She is somebody who can listen, who can reason, and who  knows our public lands and has recreated on our public lands for her  entire life.   She is somebody who will run the BLM in a hell of a lot better way  than this dude by the name of Pendley, who sat in that office,  unconfirmed, for months after months after months in the previous  administration, and nobody on the Republican side of the aisle said a  thing about him. He is somebody who wanted to sell off our public  lands, somebody who really didn't care about access to them.   But we have a person today we can confirm who can, once again, make  the BLM the Agency it needs to be; somebody who understands multiple  use; somebody who understands that the BLM needs to be run by a  professional. Tracy Stone-Manning is a professional. I would encourage  everybody to vote for her.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   