 Mr. Speaker, it seems like we were just here, debating  a COVID relief bill that was not about COVID relief but Democrats'  special interests. Now, we are debating the rule for the so-called For  the People Act, but it is not for the people but against the people,  against our freedom, and against our fundamental right to vote.   H.R. 1, the Democrats' plan to nationalize elections, stack the deck  in their favor, and pad their campaign accounts with corporate money  laundered through the IRS, is exactly what this country does not need.   What we do need are States carrying out Federal elections with  integrity and transparency, as the Constitution dictates. We need  American voters to have confidence in the voting process.   That is what my amendment was designed to do. Mr. Speaker, while  leaving the details and specifics of elections to the States, my  amendment would create two simple standards to promote integrity and  transparency. My amendment would provide standards and best practices  for postelection audits and would be published online by each State  within 30 days after the election. My amendment would require States to  attest to the security and accuracy of their voter ID requirements and  maintenance of voter registration lists.   While H.R. 1 actually forbids voter ID laws, Mr. Speaker, you have to  have an ID to buy tobacco and alcohol in this country. What is the  problem with having to identify who you are to vote?   Two simple provisions to promote integrity and transparency, but my  colleagues across the aisle must not be here for integrity,  transparency, and improving voter confidence in our elections because  they wouldn't even make my amendment in order.   Mr. Speaker, since we can't have a debate in committee or here on the  floor, I will file the Voter ID Act, and then maybe my friends can  explain to the American people why they are opposed to election  integrity and transparency and what is wrong with having to verify the  identification of voters.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the rule and the underlying  bill.   