 Madam President, thank you for the recognition.   I want to share a few words this afternoon to honor an incredible  leader, somebody who is well known to the State of Montana and  certainly well known to Indian Country, throughout this country, a  personal friend of mine who passed away last week.   The person's name is Chief Earl Old Person of the Blackfeet Nation.  He served 56 years as a Tribal councilman. He passed away last  Wednesday, October 13, at the age of 92. He was the longest serving  elected Tribal official in the United States when he passed. He was a  keeper of Tribal history, a tireless advocate, and, for many, he was a  national voice for the challenges in Indian Country.   Chief Old Person was born in 1929. He grew up on the Blackfeet  Reservation, where he embraced Tribal culture and, at a young age,  performed traditional Blackfeet song and dance across the State and the  Nation as an ambassador for the Blackfeet. He even traveled to Paris to  represent Indian Country as the only Indian Boy Scout at the World Boy  Scout Jamboree in 1947.   It was clear that leadership was in his bones, and in 1954 he was  elected to his first term as a Tribal council member, and he became the  Tribal council chairman only 10 years later.   Chief Old Person went on to serve as President of the National  Congress of American Indians. He played an integral part in creating  the Nation's first tribally owned bank, helping to earn him the honor  of being named Outstanding Indian of the Year by the Chicago Indian  Council.   In 1978, Earl Old Person became Chief Earl Old Person, a title that  he would hold with honor until his passing last Wednesday. In his role  as chief, he would not only represent the Blackfeet Tribe but all  Tribal nations in Montana and on the Governor's task force on Indian  affairs and as the chairman of the Affiliated Tribes of Northwest  Indians.   He met with every U.S. President from Truman to Obama and had joined  the British royal family and Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau for  the Commonwealth Games in 1978. Wherever he went, he was pushing for  progress.   There are too many honors and awards for me to name, but Chief Old  Person's impact goes far beyond his accolades. He was a wise leader, a  world-class orator, and I have heard stories of his words that brought  folks to tears.   His shoes will never be filled, but the fact that we had the  opportunity to see his leadership in action gives us the roadmap for a  brighter future. He will sorely be missed by the Blackfeet Nation, by  the State of Montana, by Indian Country across this country, and by my  wife Sharla and I as well as countless others who knew him.   This world is a better place because of Chief Old Person and the work  that he did. He will never be replaced.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   