 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 5720 is a thoughtful piece of legislation  authored by my colleague, Congresswoman Ross. It does something that  seems like common sense when you look at it. Senior members of the  executive branch, not just Cabinet officers or sub-Cabinet officers,  but all of the most highly compensated individuals in the executive  branch, similarly, the highly compensated members of this branch and  Members of Congress, both the House and Senate and the Delegates, all  routinely make these filings so that if a vote appears to be self- serving, the public is aware of it. This is important when you are  looking at elective office.   But it is even more important, Madam Speaker, when you are looking at  people who have a lifetime appointment, people who do not stand for  election, and cases that may involve 10s or 100s of millions of  dollars of company or individual money and the outcome, if later  overturned due to the potential malpractice, such as the 60 judges who  actually traded while cases were in front of them, the cost can be  devastating in dollars.    But as the chairman so rightfully said, the cost can be more  devastating in public confidence. I want to commend, on a bipartisan  and bicameral basis, the work that has been done to recognize this  oversight and, quite frankly, push against the members of the court who  have not yet supported this and who somehow believe that these are  exceptions and that somehow those exceptions are not sufficient to  create a mandate on the third branch of government that is the  equivalent almost identically of the first two.   It is a small step, and it does not affect a vast amount of judges  who routinely look carefully at this.   There is one more thing that I think needs to be understood that  members of the committee understand, and that is the available  databases for these judges to appropriately do these tests  [[Page H6743]]  to find out whether they do have a potential conflict will need to be  added.   So the legislation talks about reporting, but we will work diligently  with the members of all the Federal courts to make sure the assets are  available for them to quickly and routinely make these checks--the same  as lawyers have had in the private sector for conflicts for many, many  years now.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire whether the majority is prepared  to close. I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Once again, I want to thank the chairman, Ms. Ross, and the others  who worked so diligently on this legislation.   In closing, I think the judicial branch needs to take notice of the  vote here today, not because we vote overwhelmingly in support of this  legislation, but because we stand here today trying to vividly separate  130 judges who either didn't know or knew and did not do the right  thing from 600 or so that sit on the bench today, and, over the period  of this investigation, more than 1,000 Federal judges who do the right  thing, who are careful in their personal life and in their disclosures,  who do recuse themselves.   The confidence in the court belongs to the overwhelming majority of  judges at the district court, at the appellate court, at the Federal  circuit, and, yes, at the Supreme Court, who carefully maintain their  personal lives, personal matters, and their family assets in a way that  they can be accountable. And when in doubt, many of them recuse  themselves even when it is a judgment call.   So I want to thank the many in our third branch of government who do  the right thing as we bring about this new era of transparency that has  become necessary because of the bad action of 130 judges.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of these technical changes.   Congress' work requires that we maintain an accurate sense of what  the laws are and how they are portrayed. Today's technical changes,  although not controversial and completely bipartisan, are extremely  relevant and important.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the immediate passage of this legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   In closing, there is a great deal of thank you required today for the  little-known Office of the Law Revision Counsel for their hard work.  This is tedious to look through changes and their effects and to find  the appropriate language.   Additionally, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania for  working with that office to bring this legislation to our attention and  to the floor today.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this bipartisan legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, this is a technical correction bill, but it is  well-needed. The minority has not only no objection, but we fully  support its passage.   I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, it is always good to take yes for an answer. I  believe this is an easy ``yes'' bill that has no opponents, but is, in  fact, necessary.   Mr. Speaker, I urge its passage, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, once again, the minority has not only no  objections, but we support this important legislation, thank the office  for bringing it to our attention, and move its immediate passage.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, in support of H.R. 5961, I might take special  note that since it affects the Inspector General Act, an act that  deserves to be clearly understood and clearly delineated, because  nothing could be more important for our government on a daily basis  than the transparency and accountability created by the hardworking  members of the inspectors general's offices. Throughout government,  they represent the watchdogs, the real daily watchdogs of government,  so I appreciate this technical correction and hopefully a little shout- out to people who work unsung, sometimes unappreciated, but clearly  needed to maintain the kind of accountability that Congress demands of  the executive branch.   Mr. Speaker, I support the legislation, and I yield back the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, as this section for the Judiciary Committee  comes to a close, I want to thank the chairman for his hard work and  cooperative nature as we went through each and every one of these  pieces of legislation, first at the committee and now in the full  House.   Often members of the public see Members of Congress not getting  along, not getting things done, and sometimes the most tedious work is  that which we do in the most congenial and noncombative manner. This is  a good example of it. Hopefully the public will take note that Members  of Congress can and do work together to do the American people's work.   Again, I want to thank the chairman for his diligent work. Mr.  Speaker, I urge support for this piece of legislation, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   