 Thank you, Mr. President. I would ask the quorum call be  vitiated.    For once, the Senate is not in a quorum call. It is  amazing. We are having an actual debate. I can't believe it. It has  been so long since that has been true.    Mr. President, I am here to talk about voting rights  today, and I actually am delighted that you are in the Chair, my  colleague from Colorado, because over many years you have had so much  to do with the fact that Colorado has the second-highest turnout of any  State in the country--76 percent--because of what we have done,  Republicans and Democrats and unaffiliated voters working together, to  make sure that Coloradans can cast their ballots.   I am tired, as I am sure you are, of hearing our colleague from  Minnesota come down here, Senator Klobuchar, and say that Minnesota is  No. 1 in voting, which they are. They have more than 76 percent of the  people that vote, but I think we will catch them, and maybe we will  catch them this year.   But the reason why we have such a high turnout is because of things  that we have put in place working in a bipartisan way. And when the  Presiding Officer was the Governor of Colorado, you know, that was  when, really, we moved to the mail-in ballot system that we have,  completely fraud free and a delight, especially for people living in  rural areas, where it is hard to get to the ballot box sometimes.   And so thank you for helping create a model for the country as we  debate this bill in front of us. In fact, much of what this bill does-- I will get to the bill in a minute--is reflective of the work that we  have done in Colorado.   Mr. President, you came here during a difficult time, I would say,  for our democracy. This has been, in many ways, a near-death experience  for the U.S. democracy. There are countries all over the world that are  totalitarian societies who are counting on our country to fail. They  tell us at the negotiating table every time we sit down with them that  they think we are going to fail; that democracy isn't up to the  challenges of the 21st century; that it doesn't move fast enough. This  place doesn't move at all many weeks and could give a person reason to  wonder whether or not we are going to make it work.   But in this year, we had a particularly savage experience on January  6, when the Capitol was invaded by our own citizens, and we were  escorted off the floor of the Senate, taken to a secure facility, where  I watched and the Presiding Officer watched what everybody in America  saw, what everybody in the world saw, which were thousands of people  streaming into this Capitol to try to stop the counting of the vote at  the urging of then-President Trump.   And, fortunately, because there were enough people in this body who  wanted to confirm the vote, on January 20, we actually had a peaceful  transfer of power, and Joe Biden became the President of the United  States.   Most countries that have a January 6 never survive to January 20, you  know. And when I was a kid, it was common to see these kinds of things  happen in other capitals around the world, places like Tehran. You  never would have imagined it would happen here in Washington, DC.   And now it has happened here in Washington, DC. But the big  difference is that because more people turned out to vote than at any  time in our country's history, we had that peaceful transfer of power.   And now the question for all of us, I think, as Americans, is, What  are we going do with the gift that our fellow citizens have given us by  turning out to vote in the midst of a pandemic in record number? What  are we going to do with that gift they have given to us--a gift of  democracy, I would say, a new lease on life.   And I think we have got a moral obligation to them and to our  Nation's children and, frankly, to humanity to make sure that this  democracy actually works for the American people and not for the  special interests that have worked so hard to corrupt it.   And there are so many ways before January 6 that our democracy was  being attacked: partisan gerrymandering all over the country to allow  politicians to pick their voters rather than have voters pick their  politicians. That is an incredibly undemocratic thing for us to be  doing across the country; the special interests that lobby this place  who are basically unregulated by any campaign finance laws; the effect  of Citizens United, which was the Supreme Court's decision that opened  the floodgates of billionaires funding American elections instead of  people funding American elections; and now, perhaps most egregiously,  because it is so strategic and it is so purposeful, the attack on the  vote all over the United States of America.   I find it hard to believe. I am 54 years--56. That is the saddest  story I have ever told. I am 56 years old, Mr. President. As you know,  I went to college in the 1980s, you know, and now I am seeing laws  passed that I read about in the 1980s that passed in the 1960s to try  to deny people the right to vote all over the country, to make it  harder to vote.   Just this year, 19 States have passed 33 laws undermining democracy;  laws to make it harder to vote early or vote by mail, two things we  treasure in the State of Colorado; laws to slash the number of drop  boxes or put them in really inconvenient places so people can't vote,  as I do every single election with a drop box just a few blocks from my  house. It takes me 30 seconds to vote, completely fraud free. Everyone  in America should have the benefit of that.   We have got a law that made it a crime in Georgia to give people  water while they are waiting in line to vote.   So I know there is a tendency around this place sometimes to just  think that our democracy, just because it has always been here, that it  is always going to be around, to assume that we can coast on the blood  and the sweat and the tears of Americans who came before us, who fought  generation after generation after generation to make this country more  democratic, more fair, and more free. This is not a time for coasting.  This is a time for us to deal with the profound threat that is stealing  the right of Americans all over this country to vote, to have their  [[Page S7105]]  voice heard, to be able to have a say in the direction of our democracy  or whether we are going to have a democracy at all, whether we are  going to accept the world where politicians, like the people in this  body but at the State legislatures, can overturn the independent  judgment of other parts of the election apparatus, people that held the  line this year when somebody in the White House was trying to  intimidate them to change their mind.   We have got people in this country, State legislators, who are  passing laws that would allow them to do exactly what Donald Trump said  he wanted them to do, which was overturn the election judgments of  independently elected or appointed officials. That is something we  cannot allow to have happen because the minute that does happen, you  lose the democracy. The minute you cannot make a decision at the voting  booth, at the voting box, at the poll, the minute you can no longer  make a decision there that is held up no matter who wins and no matter  who loses, that has the confidence of the American people, that is when  you lose the democracy because the whole point of a democracy, the way  we make decisions, is a peaceful transfer of power.   And in the absence of that very, very unusual aspect of our society  compared to other societies around the world and the history of  humanity, in the absence of that, what you confront is political  violence like the violence that we saw on January 6, where people tried  to take by force something that should have been decided and was  decided at the ballot box.   And all of this, in my view, is why it is so important for us to pass  the Freedom to Vote Act. The bill includes commonsense reforms that are  broadly supported by the American people, and that is because they  reflect common sense, just like the American people.   And we know these reforms work, Mr. President, because we have  already passed them in Colorado, thanks in large part to your  leadership. We banned partisan gerrymandering. We don't have it in our  State.   So, again, politicians in Colorado don't have the right to choose who  their voters are; voters get to choose who their elected leaders are.   We have automatic voter registration, as this bill has; early voting,  so people have a chance to get off work and go to vote and don't have  to just be there on election day.   Vote by mail, which I have to say, up until the last President's  Presidency, there was no one in America that was concerned about vote  by mail. We had cast millions of ballots in this country without a  shred of fraud. Just ask the American Enterprise Institute. They are  the ones that said you are more likely to get struck by lightning than  participate in voter fraud by voting by mail. That is not a Democratic- leaning organization, as everybody on this floor knows.   Secure drop boxes in your neighborhood, where it takes 30 seconds to  vote--every time I go there, next to the Botanic Gardens in my  neighborhood in Denver, and I drop my ballot off, I think about all the  people all over this country in 2021 who don't have the simple ability  to drop their ballot off in a ballot box, who are having to wait in  line for hours for the privilege to vote just because of the State they  live in.   We should have basic national standards for people. It is a civil  rights issue. It is an issue that is fundamental to our democracy. And  having a convenient ballot box is one of those things. Having mail-in  ballots is one of those things. We have had zero fraud in our system.   And as I said earlier, in many ways, it is as important to rural  Colorado as any other part of our State because the people live a long  way from the ballot box.   If our State's history is any guide at all, we can do this in a  bipartisan way. And it is not surprising to me that vast majorities of  Americans, whether they are Republicans or Independents or Democrats,  support the provisions that are in this bill by wide, wide margins.   I am going to be pleased to go back to Colorado and have the chance  to tell them that we have banned dark money from our political system;  that the Supreme Court's fundamental misunderstanding in Citizens  United, where they completely misdefined the problem and failed to see  the corruption of inaction that happens around here, the things that  aren't done because of the dark money that is spent in our elections  because--for fear that some billionaire is going to show up and throw  what to them is nothing into a race that could determine the outcome of  our elections.   We have got to change that, and the only way we can do that is by  passing this bill. And I think that if we pass this bill, what we find  is that States all over this country would see 76 percent of the people  voting, just like in Colorado, instead of 50 percent of the people  voting or 40 percent of the people voting. That would have a huge  impact on what we are doing. We could show the world that we can  actually compete with the communist government in China. We can resolve  the question about whether democracy is up to this in the 21st century  or not.    We could invest in the next generation of Americans. We could improve  our schools, improve our roads and bridges, and invest in the future  again, as so many generations of Americans have done in the past when  they stood up for democracy and the next generation of Americans. That  is the question that we are confronted with today as we take this vote.   Are we going to stand up for our democracy? Are we going to stand up  for humanity, who is relying on us to deliver a democracy that works?  And are we going to stand up for the next generation of Americans and  remain a beacon to the rest of the world, committed to our highest  ideals and not our worst instincts?   I think we have the chance today when we take this vote to follow  generations of Americans who have, in their lives, lived out those best  ideals, rather than caving into our worst instincts.   It seems to me--putting Democrats and Republicans aside--the question  in front of us is: Are you for democracy or not? Are you for the  freedom to vote or not? Are you for maximizing fraud-free elections,  where people can actually turn out to vote no matter where they live?  Or are you suppressing the vote of our fellow countrymen and women?   That is the question before us. And because it is such a clear  question, I would urge every one of my colleagues, Republican or  Democrat, to vote for this legislation so we can set a basic standard  for what the freedom of vote should look like in the United States of  America.   With that, Mr. President, I appreciate your indulgence and patience.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   