 Mr. President, last week, Ohio and our Nation lost a  champion for civil rights, Miss Elsie Steward Young of Highland County,  a conservative, rural county in Southwest Ohio.   Miss Elsie, as everyone called her, had just celebrated her 105th  birthday. She is a legend in Southwest Ohio. Her courage, her  leadership made a difference for children not only in her community but  all over the country.   In 1954, after the Supreme Court issued its landmark Brown v. Board  of Education decision and ordered an end to segregation in American  schools, the two all-White primary schools in Hillsboro--again, a small  town, Highland County, southwest of Columbus--refused to integrate. The  district continued to send Black students to a single all-Black school  which was woefully underfunded.   I remember the stories my mother would tell me of growing up in  Mansfield, GA. She said she knew and she told me--when busing became  such a controversy in the 1960s and 1970s, she told me that she knew  all about busing.   In the South, when she grew up in the twenties and thirties, they  would bus Black students past the newer, better kept White schools to  the segregated Black schools that were falling apart. No criticism of  ``forced busing'' in those days.   That was essentially what was going on in Hillsboro, OH, and Elsie  Steward Young wouldn't stand for it.   She and a group of mothers--this is in the 1950s--took matters into  their own hands. They became the Marching Mothers of Hillsboro. Every  single day for two long years, they marched for miles to the town's  all-White primary school; every day they were sent home.   They carried on. Eventually, the community and the State and the  country noticed. They joined with the NAACP to file a lawsuit against  the Hillsboro board of education. It made it all the way to the Supreme  Court, and they won.   Because of Miss Elsie and her fellow mothers' advocacy, the Court  ordered the schools to integrate and paved the way for integration in  other northern cities.   Her activism showed us why ordinary students and ordinary citizens-- what they can achieve when they join together to fight for justice.   It is a reminder of how far we have come, how much work we have to do  to achieve justice and opportunity for all children in our country.   Three years ago, Elsie Steward Young was inducted into the Ohio Civil  Rights Hall of Fame. That fall, we honored the Marching Mothers of  Hillsboro and the children--of course, now adults--who marched. We  honored them with our office's Canary Award at our annual Ohio Women's  Conference.   Then-Senator Kamala Harris, now the Vice President, was supposed to  speak. We were going to present Miss Elsie with the award. She was  already past 100 at that point. We both had to stay in Washington at  the last minute because of Supreme Court votes.   So many Ohioans at that conference told me later that, frankly, I am  not sure that the Vice President--the future Vice President and I were  missed that much, not with Miss Elsie there. She not only filled the  void, she provided so much energy with her forceful, inspiring words;  and during that conference she was 102.   Throughout the conference, people lined up to get pictures with her.  When the video played depicting the bravery and determination of the  marchers and when Miss Elsie spoke accepting the award, of course,  there was hardly a dry eye in the audience.   She talked about how she and other mothers only did what any mother  would do for her children.   So many Ohioans will miss Miss Elsie Steward Young. Our thoughts are  with her three surviving daughters, her two surviving sons, and, get  this, her 36 grandchildren.   We know her legacy lives on through her success, through her  victories, through her fight for justice, through her families, through  the future generations of young people whom she inspired to stand  against justice.   I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Miss Elsie Steward Young,  Ohioan mother, determined champion for civil rights   