 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 4 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, I stand today in strong support of the Build Back Better  Act and its implications.   I am proud of the substantive contributions that the Ways and Means  Committee, once again, has made to this monumental initiative. With  these provisions we will make transformational investments in families,  workers, and the fight against climate change.   Getting to this point certainly has not been fast, nor has it been  easy. Some might say it has been quite challenging. But that is what  democracy looks like, and it frequently is noisy. We have examined  these issues; we have had thoughtful, spirited debate in the committee;  and we have refined our proposals.   Since 2019, the Ways and Means Committee has held over 40 hearings  related to topics addressed by these provisions, and we have heard out  the stakeholders from virtually every perspective. Over the course of  40 hours of committee markup, we thoroughly debated this package and  considered 60 amendments from the Republican members. And in the 3  months since we passed our historic package out of the committee, we  have refined our policies further and made hard compromises in the  interest of accomplishing fine things for the American people.   That is how legislation is developed, and it is not based on whim.   There is not enough time to detail every policy in this legislation,  but let me highlight just a few that are going to be particularly well  received by the American people, and I am proud of these proposals.   First and foremost, we fought hard to include a universal paid family  and medical leave provision to finally put an end to workers'  impossible choice between providing for their family and caring for  them.   We also invest in making healthcare more affordable by extending the  enhanced Affordable Care Act premium subsidies that we approved in the  American Rescue Plan earlier this year.   We close the Medicaid coverage gap, which will allow four million  uninsured Americans to gain access to coverage.    Let me say something, as well, Mr. Speaker. Everybody in  Massachusetts has health insurance. Every child is covered, and 98  percent of adults are covered in the State, and it polls really well.   I am proud of these investments we make here in supporting this  development and deployment of green energy, and I want to acknowledge  two Members in particular, Mr. Thompson and Mr. Blumenauer, for the  role that they played. Our green tax policies put us on the path to a  sustainable future, they help cut carbon emissions, and create good,  well-paying jobs across the country.  [[Page H6589]]    This an ambitious package, but it makes major investments--emphasis  on the word ``investments''--in our economy, workers, and families, but  it also responsibly meets the time in which we live. The Ways and Means  Committee, of which I am enormously proud, we fully commit the funds  that are necessary to pay for these priorities by asking the most  powerful amongst us to pay just a modest amount more. The various  wealthy individuals will be asked to contribute, again, just a bit more  to our Nation that has provided them with the opportunities to have  such substantial success.   I urge our colleagues to support this legislation. We will allow for  a stronger and better Nation to build back better and stronger, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Thompson), who had a profound impact on the renewable  energy tax credits.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Massachusetts (Ms. Clark), a fellow Bay Stater, good friend, terrific  leader.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Washington (Ms. DelBene), a terrific member of the Committee on Ways  and Means.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Connecticut (Mr. Larson), neighbor, friend, and an effective member of  the Committee on Ways and Means.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Danny K. Davis), who had a substantive impact on the  writing of this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Higgins), author, scholar, and effective member of the  Committee on Ways and Means.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Wisconsin (Ms. Moore), the passionate advocate for the people of  Milwaukee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Beyer), whose economic advice abounds through this  institution.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Evans), a highly effective member of the Ways and  Means Committee and a terrific gentleman from Philadelphia.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Pallone), the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee  and one of the only two Members left from the class of 1988 in  Congress.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), the chairwoman of the Appropriations  Committee, who is an advocate on behalf of the child tax credit.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Pascrell), who is always quotable.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Schneider). He is a very effective gentleman, and he is  always Midwestern nice.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Panetta), who is a very effective member of the Ways  and Means Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Gomez), whose negotiating skill on USMCA really  impressed me.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Nevada  (Mr. Horsford), who is a terrific advocate for all things Nevada.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from the  Virgin Islands (Ms. Plaskett), who is a very effective member of the  Ways and Means Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the majority leader and a real  champion of this institution.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Just before I recognize the distinguished majority whip, I want to  take a moment to acknowledge the around-the-clock work of the staff who  made this evening possible.   First, my team on the Ways and Means Committee that have helped bring  about this evening. They have poured their hearts into developing these  policies that will make America a better place. In their pursuit, they  have sacrificed holidays, sleep, and time with loved ones, and their  service to our country will not be forgotten.   Let me also acknowledge the CBO with a round of applause because of  the great work that they have done this evening, as well as legislative  counsel--who have not put down their pencils--to make sure that this  extraordinary pressure that they have been under has helped to get us  here.  [[Page H6617]]    Now, it is always a pleasure to yield such time as he may consume to  the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Clyburn), the majority whip.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  There are a lot of reasons tonight that this legislation has come  forth. We can argue about why income inequality in America happened;  globalization, technology, skill set, the decline of unions. But what  we can't argue about is it happened. And we have a chance tonight to  reverse that course.   We speak frequently in this institution, sometimes in terms of  hyperbolic rhetoric about history. Tonight, the vote we cast is about  history. And the Committee on Ways and Means, since spring of a year  ago, wrote much of this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I call attention to 33 years ago when I joined this  institution, to just above the Speaker's rostrum. It is very hard to  visualize; it was easier 33 years ago for me to read it than it is now  when I walk in. But Daniel Webster said, here in this Chamber, ``Let us  develop the resources of our land, call forth its great powers, build  up its institutions, promote all of its great interests and see whether  we also in our day and generation may not perform something worthy to  be remembered.''   Mr. Speaker, tonight, that is what we intend to do. We are going to  make transformational changes that are going to lift the people of  America to a new sense, born of optimism, as that son of Massachusetts,  Mr. Webster, acknowledged. We are going to change the lives and  livelihoods of Americans for generations to come; and as he noted, we  will do something tonight that truly will be worth remembering.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   