 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, yesterday, the Secretary of Homeland  Security, Mr. Mayorkas, testified before the Senate Judiciary  Committee. It is the first time he has been before the Judiciary  Committee for an oversight hearing. Of course, our minds were all on  the crisis that is currently underway--and has been since the beginning  of this year--at the border.   When our colleague Senator Lindsey Graham asked him how he would rate  his own performance so far, he gave a bizarre answer. He said: ``I  [would] give myself an A for effort.'' Well, that is the type of rating  you would give yourself if you offered to cook dinner and completely  bungled the recipe, or if you ordered a really thoughtful Christmas  gift for your spouse, but it didn't arrive on time, you would give  yourself an A for effort. But when you are talking about the person who  is responsible for some of our Nation's most critical responsibilities  for which there are life-and-death consequences, an A for effort is  hardly acceptable, and in this case, it is an overly generous  assessment.   Over the last year, Customs and Border Protection has encountered  more than 1.7 million migrants along the southern border--the highest  on record. In 1 month alone, more than 213,000 migrants crossed the  border, including 19,000 unaccompanied children. The Secretary may  think he is worthy of an A for effort, but the numbers certainly do not  reflect that.   The American people are clearly concerned about the way things are  going. A recent poll found that more than 80 percent of voters think  illegal immigration is a serious issue. Nearly two-thirds believe that  the President's Executive orders actually encourage more illegal  immigration, and, as a result, only 35 percent of voters approve of the  President's handling of the border.   Leaders in the administration have tried to play the blame game,  saying, well, they inherited policies from the previous administration  that led to the crisis. That seems to be part of the playbook--let's  blame Trump; let's blame the previous administration and absolve  ourselves of any responsibility--but they have simply failed to provide  an explanation to why those policies led to 460,000 fewer encounters in  fiscal year 2020 but more than 1.7 million in 2021.   There is no question at all that this crisis is a direct result of  the Biden administration's words and deeds. Back in February, just a  few weeks after President Biden took his oath of office, migrants who  were interviewed in their trek from their homes across our border said  as much. One woman who crossed the Rio Grande River on a smuggler's  raft said that she and her 1-year-old son only came to the United  States because of the Biden administration. She said: ``That gave us  the opportunity to come.'' The administration has signaled that it is  not only OK with the record levels of illegal immigration but that it  is actively encouraging more people to make the trek.   Prior to the Biden administration's border crisis, there was a clear  and sensible process for migrants who crossed our border to claim  asylum. That individual would be processed by the Border Patrol and  undergo a credible fear assessment, which is the standard for claiming  asylum, essentially determining, at least as a preliminary matter,  whether they would qualify for asylum. If so, that person would be  issued a notice to appear at a future court hearing--a critical  document that tells asylum seekers when and where to show up for their  day in court.   But under Secretary Mayorkas's leadership, that is not happening  anymore. I have heard from many folks in Texas about the fact that huge  numbers of migrants are now being released without a notice to appear.  Thousands of migrants have been released with what is now called a  notice to report--essentially, a document that says: When you get where  you are going, turn yourself in to your local Immigration and Customs  Enforcement office.   Well, these migrants haven't undergone a credible fear screening, so  we have no way of knowing how many of them will likely, potentially,  qualify for asylum. We do know, based on decisions from immigration  courts, that only about 10 percent of the people who claim asylum  actually qualify under the prevailing legal standard.   Because these migrants haven't undergone preliminary screening, we  have no information about the validity of their asylum claims. And it  is unclear whether the administration has given any teeth at all to the  warning that the failure to contact the local ICE office may result in  your arrest. In other words, there are no consequences for not showing  up.   The Department of Homeland Security is now telling us that they have  stopped issuing notices to report, but the truth is, they have just  changed the title. They are still paroling migrants into the United  States without issuing a notice to appear. When these migrants  inevitably fail to turn themselves in to the nearest ICE office--and  ICE's internal figures suggest the compliance rate is unsurprisingly  low--it isn't clear that the Department of Homeland Security will do  anything at all to locate them and remove them from the United States  even though they haven't complied with the process that they have been  told they must comply with. The Biden administration has made it even  easier for migrants to disappear into the great American heartland.  [[Page S8339]]    Several weeks ago, Secretary Mayorkas gave migrants another reason to  believe that they could make it across our borders and be able to stay.  According to Secretary Mayorkas, illegally entering our country is no  longer reason enough for ICE to begin removal proceedings. The  Secretary's guidance provided a few exemptions. In theory, illegal  border crossers are a priority for enforcement but only if they are  apprehended in the United States after unlawfully entering after  November 1, 2020. It is unclear what the magic is with that date. In  other words, ICE agents can't touch them unless another law enforcement  agency picks them up first.   It says individuals convicted of serious criminal conduct who pose a  current threat to public safety should be a priority for removal, but  it is unclear what crimes meet those criteria. Is distributing or  receiving child pornography considered serious criminal conduct? What  about crimes like embezzlement? larceny? breaking and entering? sex  offenses? It is unclear exactly what the standard is, and I think that  is on purpose because clearly Secretary Mayorkas does not want the  Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement to actually  enforce the law that Congress has written. We are the ones who make the  policy, and the Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement  simply execute that policy. Clearly, Secretary Mayorkas is trying to  confuse things such that no apprehension and detention takes place at  all.   What if the distribution of child pornography, let's say, happened 4  years ago? Is the perpetrator no longer a priority for apprehension and  removal now that the threat isn't ``current''? In fact, the Secretary  explicitly says the threat shouldn't be determined according to bright  lines or categories. In other words, he wants to continue to fuzz it up  and make it ambiguous. I don't understand why if you are actually  serious about enforcing our laws. Is there a reason that any migrant  convicted of possessing or distributing child pornography should be  allowed to remain in the United States?   The Secretary indicates that even certain migrants, like those who  are elderly or provide for their families, should be exempt from the  law. That clearly is not within the authority of the Secretary to  decide against whom the laws should be enforced. Does that mean that  someone who committed a sexual assault 20 years ago but now has a  family who depends on him should be able to remain in the United  States?   It defies all common sense to ask our law enforcement officers to  turn a blind eye when they encounter individuals who have clearly  broken the law. Imagine calling the police to report an intruder in  your home and being told, unless this person is young, childless, and  murdered a member of your family, we can't do anything or we won't do  anything.   The reality of the situation, however inconvenient it may seem for  our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, is that, by entering the  United States illegally--by doing that--migrants have broken the law,  and there have to be consequences. The Secretary cannot, consistent  with his oath of office, refuse to enforce those laws in order to  appease his party's political base.   In fact, by clearly outlining who will and who will not be able to  remain in the United States, notwithstanding what the law says, the  administration is actually encouraging even more migrants to put  themselves in harm's way to come to the United States. This is known as  pull factors, which actually encourage more illegal immigration. Under  this guidance, visa overstays aren't a priority for enforcement at all.  If somebody comes in on a visa but overstays that visa, they are  illegally present in the United States, but they don't have to worry  about the Biden administration actually enforcing the law and removing  them. In other words, the guidance is an open invitation for migrants  to disregard the terms of their entry into the United States.   When President Biden's nominee for the Customs and Border Protection  testified before the Senate Finance Committee, I asked the police chief  from Arizona if he agreed that the Biden administration's policy of  nonenforcement is a pull factor that is encouraging more illegal  immigration. He admitted that, yes, it is.   So, yesterday, I asked Secretary Mayorkas the same question: Does  this guidance of nonenforcement send a signal to criminal  organizations, human smugglers, and migrants that if they illegally  enter the United States and commit no other crimes, they can stay?   He said: No. That is 100 percent false.   But I disagree with Secretary Mayorkas. He is clearly not telling the  truth. There is a clear correlation between the Biden administration's  reckless policies and the record level of illegal migration.   Any administration, of course, has a certain amount of discretion  when it comes to enforcement, but what we are seeing from Secretary  Mayorkas isn't an exercise of discretion, and it is certainly not A- for-effort worthy. I don't think anyone expected Secretary Mayorkas to  lead the charge to secure our borders and crack down on illegal  immigration, but he is not even doing the bare minimum that his job  description requires.   The truth is, the Biden administration has fumbled the border crisis  at every turn. The President sent smoke signals about open borders  before he even took office, and his administration has rolled out  incentive after incentive for migrants to continue to break the law,  and it has tied the hands of dedicated law enforcement officers who put  their lives on the line to protect the American people.   We have got a border czar who once compared ICE to the Ku Klux Klan,  and we have a DHS Secretary who gives himself an A even though more  than 1.7 million migrants have crossed the border since he took office  in February. So, while Secretary Mayorkas thinks he is entitled to an A  for effort, there is no question that, on balance, the Biden  administration has earned an F for its response to the border crisis.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   