 Madam President, one of the most striking things, I think,  we are beginning to notice this year is that the holidays are taking on  a really different look than we have seen in a long time.   Actually, for about a generation now, we have seen more choices and,  more often than not, declining prices, which has made it possible for  American families to have things that, in the past, they had not  thought were possible for them to have.   The pandemic, of course, was a big obstacle a year ago, as people  were forced to alter or cancel their plans for their families to get  together. And I think many of us were really looking forward to a more  traditional holiday season this year. Hopefully, that season still  allows people to get together.   But I think we are also beginning to see people think they are going  to have to scale back their celebrations or be prepared to pay a lot  more for them; maybe just simply paying a lot more to get there, to  start with, as gasoline costs have gone up dramatically. I think we are  about 46 percent higher in our gas costs than we were a year ago. For a  lot of families, that is a deciding item of whether you can actually  get to Grandma's house or not.   This time, the change in plans isn't because of the virus; it is  because of inflation and supply side issues that, frankly, the  government has done a lot to help cause.   Jason Furman, who was the Chairman of President Obama's Council of  Economic Advisers, said recently: ``The original sin was [the size of  the] American Rescue Plan.''   According to Jason Furman, he said: ``It contributed to both higher  output [and] also higher prices.''   Now, what he was talking about was the American Rescue Plan. This was  the so-called COVID relief plan from March. It was a law that the  Democrats passed entirely by themselves--despite there being a lot of  warnings that the economy was already beginning to recover--that put  another $2 trillion into the economy, including a lot of money that  went to State governments that, clearly, didn't need it and local  governments that, maybe, needed it a little more than the States did.   We had States that were having alltime high revenues, and we had  already  [[Page S8325]]  helped States in a number of different ways. Then, suddenly, we had to  beat all of that by sending money to States and sending $2,000 to  everybody, almost, and thought that wouldn't have any impact.   I am not sure who we were trying to save in this effort for relief.  There was no reason to believe, in March, that the economy wasn't  headed on the way back. What we did in March with that legislation was  just pour more fire on an economy that was already about to roar back  in a good way.   The warnings were right on the money. In October, inflation rose 6.2  percent over the cost of a year ago. That is the highest increase in  inflation in 30 years.   A lot of Americans alive today and, certainly, a lot of Americans who  are in the workforce today don't remember the inflation of the  seventies and the early eighties that made it just hard for families to  keep up; that made it hard for families to buy a house; that made it  hard for families to pay the basic bills.   I hope that we are not going to get a strong reminder of that, but it  certainly looks like we are.   The prices for many of the things that will be on the Thanksgiving  table are going up. The New York Times, about 2 weeks ago, had a front- page article that this would be the most expensive Thanksgiving ever.  Then they went through that list of things to talk about that.   The price of turkey, by the way, has gone down a little bit in the  last few days. It was projected to be 20 percent higher. It is only 18  percent higher. So your principal protein on the Thanksgiving table  will cost 20 percent more or 18 percent more than it did a year ago.   Other protein is even higher than that. Potatoes are 17 percent  higher than they were a year ago. Green beans are 39 percent higher  than they were a year ago.   I don't know if we are beginning to see a pattern here or not, but  there, clearly, is one.   Butter is about 30 percent higher than it was a year ago. If your  grandmother's recipe for stuffing--or, as my grandmother called it,  dressing; we had turkey and dressing when I was growing up--includes  onions, onions are 50 percent higher than they were a year ago.   So, between the labor shortages, the high costs of raw materials, and  more expensive transportation, the food supply chain is just about as  messed up as the rest of the supply chain.   We don't import nearly as much food as we may import other things,  but that food supply chain isn't working for us either.   Now, shoppers are already beginning to see bare spaces on grocery  store shelves. Places you were going 6 months ago, when you had a  choice or even 6 weeks ago when you had a choice, suddenly there is one  item there of what you are trying to buy or maybe no items of what you  are trying to buy. There is just simply not a choice that you can make  at the store because the product you want to get is not there--and not  just the brand-name product, the product is not there in growing cases.   What are we going to see when the Christmas holiday--the holiday  shopping season really begins right after Thanksgiving. Black Friday,  or whatever other day you are going to do that shopping in, I think you  are going to see--American families and American individuals are going  to see lots of challenges.   Wait times for ocean freight--we have all seen those pictures now of  the backup of ships waiting to get to the port in every port in the  country--every port in the country. Wait times are about 45 percent  longer than it was last year at this time.   Shipping rates from China are around 400 percent, four times higher  than they were a year ago. Things that cost $2,000 a container now are  much more likely to cost something like $12, $15, or even $20,000, just  for the container--moving the container from where it is filled up to  where it gets off the boat at one of our ports.   Traffic jams at the big ports are a problem in every place. There is  a shortage of 80,000 truckdrivers to move things once they get  unloaded.   We made it so appealing for some people to stay home from work that  they have, at this point, still decided not to go back to work or  decided to retire early. They were getting that enhanced unemployment  check for a couple of years, decided that maybe that life in the truck,  which is a hard life, or that life on the dock, which is a hard life,  or that life at the grocery store stocking shelves, which can be  challenging every single day, or any other job was just not a job that  they were going to go back to.   I mentioned President Obama's economic adviser earlier. Well, he said  another pretty revealing thing at the same time when he talked about  supply-side problems. He said, and this is his quote also: ``It would  be foolish to count on a return to normal within the next year.''  Within the next year.   So things are not going to get better if we don't get back. They are  likely to get worse.   Then he said inflation ``is likely to remain uncomfortably high.''   Now, I am not going to talk about what his personal economic  circumstances may be, but if they are uncomfortably high for him, they  are painfully high for lots of families.   So here we go again. By the way, not only was the $2 trillion bill  done just by one party--not a single Republican voted for it in March.  Not only did that feed the flames of inflation, but now we are right  back talking about a bill that if every program was extended through  the 10 years, it would be a $4 or $5 trillion bill. It is impossible to  understand how you wouldn't see that as another thing that is going to  really create great risk. We have had every warning sign we could  possibly have.   When Washington pays people not to work, it gets awfully difficult to  fill all the open jobs. When Washington gives people money that  Washington has borrowed or just simply kind of made up, that is awfully  hard.   The predictions that have been made about what happens with excessive  unemployment payments, the predictions that have been made about money  borrowed and put into the economy that we don't have, have actually  turned out to be right on target.   So Republicans are warning again, if our colleagues on the other side  continue to plan to move forward with another--however number you want  to describe it. I think it is very fair, if all of these programs are  extended, to describe it as $4 to $5 trillion. It is fair to describe  it as $2 trillion, if actually you start these programs that people  will like having government take this new responsibility and then think  they can actually stop after 1 year or 2 years or 3 years.   Nobody believes that, and frankly I don't know anybody on the other  side who thinks that is the plan. They understand the plan is to have a  $2 trillion pricetag and a $5 trillion ultimate payout for the things  that that pricetag starts to pay for.   Nothing about being uncomfortably high--let's talk about the pain  that you could have as you tighten your belts not just for the holidays  but for the foreseeable future.   Transportation, food, home heating in the winter, it doesn't get more  basic than that. And if transportation costs go up, gasoline goes up 46  percent, food goes up 15 to 20 percent. Home heating costs are  projected, in many places, to go up somewhere between 50 and 100  percent. Even if you got a little bit of a raise at work, that raise is  immediately taken away by just the basic fundamental things you have to  have.   We need to work with our friends on the other side. We need our  friends on the other side to see the warning signs of what has happened  with what we have done, what has been done this year already, and  exactly understand what will happen.   If we do more of the same, we are going to get more of the same, and  more of what is happening right now is not what people we work for need  or deserve. I hope we get serious about the things that our actions  create.   With that, I yield back.   