 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding because  I know that he, too, works hard for our Nation's veterans and the men  and women who serve in the United States military.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to commend and recognize a World War II  and Korean war veteran, Colonel Ben Skardon, who was notified last week  that he was set to receive an honorary promotion to the rank of  Brigadier General.   After months of coordination and conversations between my office, the  Department of the Army, the Department of Defense, Congress, and the  family of Colonel Skardon, the Army and DOD have concurred with my  recommendation and, in an extremely rare circumstance, approved Colonel  Skardon's promotion to the rank of Brigadier General.   Very few American soldiers ever receive this honor in this manner,  and it is well deserved on behalf of Colonel Skardon for his brave  military service to our country.   Now, let me just tell you that Colonel Skardon served in World War  II, and he was in the Philippines as commander of Company A of the 92nd  Infantry Regiment Philippine Army and led his troops through some of  the fiercest days of World War II in the South Pacific.   After the surrender of tens of thousands of Filipino and U.S.  soldiers to Japanese forces on April 9, 1942, Skardon was forced into  the infamous Bataan Death March. For 65 miles, Skardon and many others  were forced to walk, suffering physical abuse, fatigue, and the mental  exhaustion of watching the death of many fellow prisoners.   Colonel Skardon survived this horrific march because of his  perseverance and commitment to his will to live. Skardon's strength and  will continued for the 1,255 days he spent in Japanese prison as a  prisoner of war.   He defied all odds with the help of two fellow Clemson University  graduates who spoon-fed him and made sure he was safe from Japanese  guards. Skardon managed to keep hidden his Clemson ring. As a Clemson  alumnus who wears his ring proudly, I understand the sacrifice that he  made to keep that hidden.   He and his fellow alumni made the tough decision to trade Colonel  Skardon's gold Clemson ring for food and medicine, which ultimately  saved his life. With the help of his fellow soldiers and his pawned  ring, he recovered.   Skardon also survived the sinking of two unmarked hell ships,  prisoner of war ships, that were transporting POWs to mainland Japan.  Not just one but two prison ships were sunk by the United States  military.   At 24 years old and only 90 pounds, he was finally liberated in  Manchuria by Russian units in 1945.   After World War II, he went on to serve our Nation in the Korean war,  retiring with the rank of colonel in 1962.   His leadership skills were exemplified by his continued military  involvement with the young men and women in ROTC at Clemson who wanted  to go on and serve in our military. Colonel Skardon would mentor them  about what they faced.   For all of his valor, endurance, and suffering in World War II, he  was awarded two Silver Stars and two Bronze Stars for valor. He was a  Purple Heart recipient and a Congressional Gold Medal recipient.   When he retired, he continued his life of service as a professor at  Clemson University for nearly 20 years. He earned several esteemed  citizen and civilian awards, including the Clemson Medallion, Clemson  University's highest honor; the Alumni Distinguished Service Award, the  Clemson Alumni Association's highest honor; and from the State of South  Carolina, the Order of the Palmetto.   His life of perseverance and selfless leadership exemplified what it  means not only to be a United States soldier but a true American hero.   Colonel Skardon was informed of the promotion that he received from  colonel to brigadier general just this weekend. Colonel Skardon was 104  years old. He passed away last night.   Working to secure his promotion to brigadier general is one of the  most humbling acts that I have undertaken during my time in Congress,  and I have no doubt that divine intervention was responsible for  ensuring that he learned of this great honor that our country bestowed  upon him before his passing.   My thoughts and prayers are with his family and the Clemson community  during this time. He will be deeply missed, but he will never be  forgotten.   To the family of General Ben Skardon, and to Ben, Godspeed. We  appreciate your service to our great Nation. You wore that Clemson ring  proudly. Clemson honored you. I honor you today, and I thank you for  your service to our great Nation. Godspeed.   