 Mr. Vice President, from the time I prepared my remarks for  today, it seems like a lifetime ago. A lot has changed in the last few  hours. So I am going to deliver some of the same remarks, but it has a  little bit of a different feel than it would have just a few hours ago.   My thoughts and prayers go out to the family members of those who  have been injured or killed today. My heartfelt gratitude goes out to  the Capitol Hill Police who valiantly defended our building and our  lives.   While it is true that legitimate concerns have been raised with  regard to how some of the key battleground States conducted their  Presidential elections, this is not the end of the story. We each have  to remember that we swore an oath to uphold, protect, and defend this  document, written nearly two and a half centuries ago by wise men  raised up by God for that very purpose. That document makes clear what  our role is and what it isn't. It makes clear who does what when it  comes to deciding Presidential elections.   You see, because in our system of government, Presidents are not  directly elected. They are chosen by Presidential electors, and the  Constitution makes very clear, under article II, section 1, that the  States shall appoint Presidential electors according to procedures that  their legislatures develop. Then comes the 12th Amendment. It explains  what we are doing here today in the Capitol. It explains that the  President of the Senate--the Vice President of the United States--shall  open the ballots, ``and the votes shall then be counted.'' It is those  words that confine, define, and constrain every scrap of authority that  we have in this process.    Our job is to open and then count. Open, then count--that is it. That  is all there is.   There are, of course, rare instances--instances in which multiple  slates of electors can be submitted by the same State. That doesn't  happen very often. It happened in 1960. It happened in 1876. Let's hope  it doesn't ever happen again. In those rare moments, Congress has to  make a choice. It has to decide which of the electoral votes will be  counted and which will not. That did not happen here--thank heavens-- and let's hope that it never does.   Many of my colleagues have raised objections or had previously stated  their intent to raise objections with regard to these. I have spent an  enormous time on this issue over the last few weeks. I have met with  lawyers on both sides of the issue, and I have met with lawyers  representing the Trump campaign, reading everything I can find about  the constitutional provisions in question, and I have spent a lot of  time on the phone with legislators and other leaders from the contested  States. I didn't initially declare my position because I didn't yet  have one.   I wanted to get the facts first, and I wanted to understand what was  happening. I wanted to give the people serving in government in the  contested States the opportunity to do whatever they felt they needed  to do to make sure that their election was properly reflected. I spent  an enormous amount of time reaching out to State government officials  in those States, but in none of the contested States--no, not even  one--did I discover any indication that there was any chance that any  State legislature or secretary of state or Governor or Lieutenant  Governor had any intention to alter the slate of electors. That being  the case, our job is a very simple one.   This simply isn't how our Federal system is supposed to work. That is  to say, if you have concerns with the way that an election in the  Presidential race was handled in your State, the appropriate response  is to approach your State legislatures, first and foremost.   These protests--hearing from those who have raised concerns--should  have been focused on their State capitols, not the Nation's Capitol,  because our role is narrow, our role is defined, our role is limited.   Yes, we are the election judges when it comes to Members elected to  our own body. And, yes, the House of Representatives are the judges of  their own races there.   We also have the authority to prescribe, as a Congress, rules  governing the time, place, and manner of elections for Senators and  Representatives. There is no corresponding authority with respect to  Presidential elections--none whatsoever. It doesn't exist. Our job is  to convene, to open the ballots, and to count them. That is it.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Democratic leader.   