 Madam President, as we go over the wonderful things  that Build Back Better offers--including tax benefits for families with  children, support for home care and childcare for family members, lower  prescription drug costs--I want to focus on a particular area, which is  the addiction crisis, which grinds on in Rhode Island. I think every  Member of this body knows a family who has been touched by this crisis.   I remember visiting the small town of Burrillville, RI, a close-knit  community. People know one another there. On January 1, 2015, no one  would have known that half a dozen people would die in Burrillville of  drug overdoses in the next 3 months. That went through that community  just in a heartbreaking wave, and it remains burdened by addiction and  overdose.   We have made a lot of gains since then. The CARA bill that Senator  Portman and I did, CARA 2.0, which was baked into the SUPPORT Act,  shifted the way we think about addiction so we don't see it as a moral  failing. We recognize its medical nature. We recognize, frankly, the  noble nature of the path to recovery that people have to walk. We  invested in prevention and education and treatment.   But still there is a massive gap that remains between the needs of  families who have a member who is facing addiction and the care and  support that we give them, and Build Back Better makes some really  important steps for those families--first, for new mothers in recovery.   A new mom has a lot going on: caring for a newborn, coping with a  potential substance abuse complication for that newborn, and caring for  herself in her often deadly battle with addiction. Build Back Better  would grow the workforce specializing in that care for moms.   The Medicaid Reentry Act, which I did with Senator Baldwin, is also  in the mix to provide Medicaid coverage to people as they get out of  jail and prison. We showed in Rhode Island that these programs  dramatically reduce overdoses and deaths in the weeks following release  from incarceration. Steady access to care through Medicaid will save  lives.   There is a boost to the Minority Fellowship Program because it is  demonstrable that a more diverse workforce produces better outcomes for  patients and families.   Finally, the peer recovery coach is a personal favorite of mine. We  are pioneering this in Rhode Island. These are people who have walked  the path of addiction and recovery, and they can relate to people who  are struggling in a way that you and I might not be able to. Their  role, after an overdose or in a crisis, to get people onto the path of  recovery is wonderfully important.   All of the other things we are doing will actually create more stable  lives. When events happen that knock people off of the path of  recovery, having a stable life actually allows for a better shot at  recovery and work around relapse.   So there is a lot to love in Build Back Better, and I want people to  know that we did not forget those folks who are struggling with  addiction or walking the noble path of recovery.   I yield the floor.   