 Madam President, sadly, the United States is in the midst  of the deadliest drug epidemic in our Nation's history, caused by some  of the deadliest drugs ever created.   It appears that more than 80,000 Americans died from drug overdose  last year. By far, the biggest killers were lab-made opioids, such as  fentanyl, which are cheap to produce and easy to mix with other street  drugs such as heroin. These lethal cocktails have devastated countless  communities and families across our Nation. Too many parents have come  home to a dead child who mistakenly took a prescription pill or a so- called party drug laced with this deadly fentanyl.   Illicit fentanyl, the kind created in underground Chinese drug labs  or smuggled across our porous southern border by Mexican cartels, is  made only to addict and kill. For those dark, terrible purposes,  fentanyl is unsurpassed in the tragic history of addiction. It is 50 to  100 times stronger than morphine. Just 2 milligrams of fentanyl, an  amount equivalent to a few grains of salt, is enough to kill a grown  man.   Just last December, police arrested a man in Arkansas carrying 7  pounds of fentanyl. Depending on the purity of that fentanyl, that  would have been enough to deliver a fatal dose to up to 1.5 million  Americans. That is far from the biggest fentanyl bust that police have  ever made.   That means that every time our Border Patrol stops a drug mule coming  across our southern border, every time the Coast Guard intercepts a  drug runners' vessel in our waters, and every time a SWAT team raids a  drug dealer's stash house, they could be averting what is, in effect, a  mass casualty attack on our country.   Unfortunately, these Mexican drug cartels and Chinese superlabs are  diabolically creative in waging this new kind of opium war against the  United States. When American law enforcement started cracking down on  fentanyl a few years ago, the cartels started producing so-called  analogs or look-alike drugs that are chemically distinct from fentanyl,  yet have no legitimate medical uses but will kill you just as quickly.  Some of these analogs are even more powerful than fentanyl--up to 150  times more potent of a drug that I would remind you, once again, is,  itself, 50 to 100 times more potent than morphine. Because these drugs  are chemically distinct from fentanyl, prosecuting and shutting down  their creators is often prohibitively expensive, requiring law  enforcement to hire expert witnesses to testify the analog is, in fact,  a deadly drug.   In 2018, the Drug Enforcement Administration took the necessary and  prudent step listing the entire class of fentanyl analogs as schedule I  prohibited substances. This decision closed a deadly loophole that drug  dealers were using to escape punishment from poisoning our citizens,  while still allowing legitimate researchers to apply for and obtain  approval to research these analogs for potential medical or scientific  breakthroughs.   The evidence suggests that this law enforcement action has been  getting results. Since the classwide scheduling went into effect in  early 2018, law enforcement encounters with uncontrolled fentanyl  analogs plummeted by almost 90 percent.   Of course, our work to solve the opioid epidemic is far from  finished. We still have much to do to dismantle the cartels and drug  trafficking networks that spread fentanyl and analogs and mix it with  other drugs. But the DEA's efforts to control fentanyl analogs were a  step in the right direction.   Last year, the Senate voted unanimously to extend the DEA's emergency  scheduling of fentanyl, but that extension is now set to expire. We  have the opportunity--in fact, I would say we have the responsibility  to permanently control these deadly fentanyl analogs so law enforcement  has the legal backup it needs to take these dangerous drugs off the  streets.   If Congress doesn't act, this emergency scheduling order is set to  expire next week. The authority of our Border Patrol to seize these  drugs as they cross the border will be dramatically reduced. Cartels  will, once again, be able to exploit loopholes to evade prosecution,  and Chinese superlabs will get right back to work inventing new and  creative ways to repackage fentanyl and to kill even more Americans. We  cannot let that happen.   I introduced a bill to solve this problem once and for all by merely  eliminating the expiration date on the law that protects us against  these fentanyl analogs. I am asking my colleagues to approve it just  like we did last year--unanimously.   I would also like to urge my Democratic colleagues to disregard the  liberal activist groups that are lobbying  [[Page S2277]]  against controlling these deadly fentanyl analogs because they hope to  use it as a bargaining chip to reduce criminal penalties for the most  serious drug traffickers. Think about that. More Americans died of a  drug overdose last year than in any other year in our history. Yet  these liberal activists are trying to help the drug traffickers who  spread these very poisons. If they succeed, drug dealers will have an  easier time killing Americans for profit, and prosecutors will have to  waste valuable resources proving that each new form of fentanyl they  encounter is, in fact, a deadly drug.   We cannot play politics with this bill, trading the lives of innocent  Americans for more lenient treatment of cartels and superlabs.  Protecting Americans from deadly fentanyl should not be treated as a  bargaining piece or poker chip. I ask my colleagues to think of the  victims and think of the urgency of this measure. I am offering this  bill on behalf of tens of thousands of Americans who were with us just  last year but are not today because of these deadly synthetic drugs. I  am offering this on behalf of the countless Americans who can still be  saved if we act.   I urge my colleagues to support this measure and, therefore, Madam  President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to immediate consideration of S. 1410, introduced  earlier today; further, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    I thank my colleague from New Jersey for these remarks.   Time is not on our side. This emergency scheduling order expires next  week. The Senate is not in session next week.   I know that we want to empower addicts, as the Senator from New  Jersey said; that we want to help give them the treatment they need to  get back on their feet. That is a goal I share.   We are talking, though, about drug dealers, drug traffickers,  cartels, Chinese superlabs. If we do not pass an extension--in my bill,  a permanent extension of this emergency scheduling order--it is the  addicts who will be hurt because the drug dealers and these cartels and  superlabs will simply begin to flood our streets, once again, with the  synthetic fentanyl analogs, which I remind you, again, can be 150 times  more potent than fentanyl itself, which is 50 to 100 times more potent  than morphine.   I hope my Democratic friends will reconsider in the short time we  have this week, and we will be able to pass a permanent extension of  this scheduling order.   I yield the floor.   