 Madam President, I rise today to echo what my good friend  [[Page S3973]]  and colleague, Senator Collins, has already said. Let me be clear. She  pointed out the virtual unanimous support this legislation has from  members of the Intelligence Committee--both sides. Let there be no  mistake in terms of who was the relentless driver--some might even say  ``persistent-beyond-belief driver'' of this issue. It was Susan  Collins, and, once again, her service shows that she is standing up for  America's diplomats and the intel community serving our country around  the world who, as Senator Collins already indicated, have been involved  in dangerous incidents resulting in brain trauma and other unexplained  illnesses. We have called it the Havana syndrome   The remarkable thing is that for nearly 5 years, we have been aware  of these reports, and we have seen, as the Senator mentioned, attacks  on U.S. personnel in Cuba, in China, and around the world. We have  these reports here in this country, and rather than disappearing or  going down in number, they actually appear to be increasing.   Five years after the start of this effort, we don't know what  happened, we don't know who did it, and we don't know what kind of  device was used.   This is wrong. Particularly, I want to point out--this is an area  where, again, we were in bipartisan agreement--that under the last  administration, we just didn't treat these victims from the intel  community, the State Department, and DOD with the seriousness they  deserved.   As chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, I know the  hardships, sacrifices, and risks our intelligence officers, diplomats,  and other personnel serving overseas endure--often anonymously, often  without recognition.   The fact that some of these brave women and men have been subjected  to these serious health issues by unknown attackers is unacceptable.  That their own government did not believe them when they were injured  or denied them proper medical attention and care is beyond the pale.  These are folks who were injured while serving our government and, in  some cases, facing lifelong health consequences, and, for a while, we  just got blown off. It is inexcusable that they were treated this way,  and it is outrageous that we still don't know who did it or what tool  was used in these attacks.   Their country, after their service, needs to have their backs. With  Senator Collins's legislation--now that it has passed the Senate, and  our hope is that it will soon pass the House--we will show that the  country will have their backs.   I also want to give credit to the new CIA Director, Ambassador Burns,  for making this a top priority. On the Senate Intelligence Committee,  there is complete bipartisan unanimity on this issue. We are going to  ensure that the United States gets to the bottom of this, identifies  those responsible for those attacks on American personnel, holds them  accountable, and ensures that these attacks on American personnel stop  once and for all.   Let me echo what Senator Collins said. This should be one in an ever  growing list of topics that President Biden ought to raise with  President Putin.   We must protect our people around the globe. At the same time, it is  more important than ever that the United States also provides those  affected by these attacks with the medical and financial support they  deserve. Again, that is why Senator Collins' legislation, the HAVANA  Act, is so important.   Let me echo again what Senator Collins said. My partner in this, as  well, has been Vice Chairman Rubio, and our good friend Senator  Shaheen. The fact that this passed this quickly, unanimously, is  extraordinarily important, but it is just the first step in having the  backs of our diplomats, our intel personnel, our DOD, and, for that  matter, anyone who has been a victim of this kind of activity. Again, I  want to thank Senator Collins for her leadership on this issue. I can  assure you, as Senator Collins said and Senator Rubio and I have  repeated a number of number of times, the Intelligence Committee of the  Senate is going to get to the bottom of this. We are going to make  sure--and we have taken a giant step on this by passing this  legislation--that the personnel will get the medical and, if necessary,  financial assistance they need; that we are going to find out who did  it, we are going to find out what type of device, and we are going to  hold them accountable.   With that, I yield the floor.   