 Mr. Speaker, last week, in her attempt  to deflect from the Biden administration's complete and utter  devastation at our southern border, White House Press Secretary Jen  Psaki said: ``There are a lot of Republicans out there giving speeches  about how outraged they are about the situation at the border, not many  are putting forward solutions or steps that we could take.''   Well, she got one thing right: We are outraged.   We are outraged because, every single day, we hear from constituents  who are dismayed, angry about this administration's complete lack of  concern for the safety and well-being of our Nation at the southern  border.   They resent the fact that, on his first day in office, the unity  President gave up on border security and hung a welcome sign in our  border communities. Biden sent a very clear message to the world that  our rule of law would not be enforced under his administration.   Jen Psaki now has the audacity to complain about Republicans  highlighting a crisis that they themselves created and claims she  hasn't heard solutions. Jen, if you haven't heard solutions, circle  back and listen.   To start, the biggest thing the Biden administration needed to do to  protect our country was nothing at all. The former administration had  laid out a clear and effective border security measure that safeguarded  our communities, protected public health, and incentivized legal  pathways to citizenship.   Yet, Biden has systematically unraveled all of the former  administration's effective policies in the name of lawlessness just to  score political points with the radical and progressive left.   I cannot fathom how anyone in a position of authority--Jen Psaki,  President Biden, Vice President Harris, Secretary Mayorkas--would spend  more time ignoring our laws than correcting the crisis that they  created.   So, Biden administration, now that we have gotten your attention,  please listen to how you fix this crisis.   Number one, enforce the laws that are written. Don't undermine our  national security with political pandering.   Two, complete border construction. Right now, there are millions of  dollars' worth of building material rusting in the desert because Biden  put a halt to the Congress-approved and paid for border construction.  This is a disastrous waste of taxpayer dollars and a tragedy for our  border security.    Number three, reinstate the remain in Mexico policy so that those  seeking asylum can be processed orderly, without putting our borders at  risk. We had the buy-in and cooperation of all the Central American  countries. Biden threw that cooperation out the window.   Number four, require a negative COVID test before entering into the  southern United States to actually protect public health. The Biden  administration's current COVID policy is hypocrisy. Right now,  international travelers who fly into the United States must show proof  of vaccination or a negative test, while illegal immigrants can walk  across the border without any public health requirements.   I mean, hell, in the midst of the fourth worst COVID surge, Secretary  Mayorkas himself confirmed that none of the 15,000 Haitians brought  into this country from under the bridge were tested for COVID.   The absence of accountability and urgency in this matter is shameful.  The hypocrisy is disastrous.   Number five, quit encouraging people to make the disastrous trek to  America. Just last week, we saw thousands of Haitians and their  families make the treacherous journey to our border, many suffering  from heat-related injuries and other diseases. Then, Mayorkas finally  admitted that over 10,000 Haitians were brought into this country  without being vetted.   Number six, promising amnesty, tax remittance, healthcare, and  sanctuary cities to illegals, stop it. Again, these liberal policies  are enticing people to break our laws.   So next time, before Jen Psaki or anyone in the Biden administration  criticizes House Republicans for talking openly about how to combat a  national security crisis of their own making, I suggest she circle back  and revisit all that we have said in the preceding months.   The great hidden provisions in the new reconciliation package present  the most disastrous immigration policies in our Nation's history. I  don't envy Jen Psaki's job of having to defend the destruction of this  country.   Mr. Speaker, we are a country of laws. Our laws need to be enforced.  I continue to fight for the security of this Nation and our southern  border.   