 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend from Texas for  yielding.   Today, the House is considering a massive budget reconciliation  package that the majority claims to be using for additional coronavirus  relief funds. Having already passed five bipartisan relief packages  over the last year, totaling almost $4 trillion in spending, the  majority is now seeking to spend nearly $2 trillion more.   But unlike the past five measures, which were bipartisan deals with  both Republican and Democratic support, today's bill is strictly  partisan, with only Democratic support and input. And with a glance at  the bill, it is easy to see why.   First, the vast majority of this so-called rescue package has nothing  to do with the COVID-19 pandemic. The bill fails to keep a laser focus  on providing relief for Americans, ensuring schools are open to educate  our children, and moving to swiftly reopen the economy.   Instead, the majority has thrown in completely unrelated items that  just so happen to be at the top of their progressive wish list. This  includes irresponsible policies like Federal bailouts for certain  pension funds, providing bloated contributions to State and local  governments, and arbitrarily raising the minimum wage, which will cost  well more than a million people to lose their jobs. Incidentally, the  same minimum wage provision is not going to be considered in the Senate  and will have to be stripped from the bill.   But perhaps I shouldn't be surprised by these misguided provisions,  given how completely shut out of this process Republicans have been.  During the markups across nine committees that  [[Page H767]]  considered this package, Republicans offered 245 amendments to help fix  these and other problems.   Republicans offered commonsense amendments to reopen schools, give  additional resources to the NIH, provide funding to make sure all  teachers have the opportunity to receive a COVID vaccine, and many  more. Yet, only two of these amendments were accepted by the Democrats  in committee markups, and one of those two amendments is actually being  stripped out of the bill in the manager's amendment today.   A $1.9 trillion package that is being brought to the floor with next  to no Republican input? Simply astonishing.   Madam Speaker, it is clear what we need to do. Our entire Nation is  suffering as a result of this pandemic. Every day, more businesses  shutter. Every day, children are falling further behind. And every day,  people fall deeper and deeper into despair caused, in part, by  isolation.   Instead of proceeding with this progressive wish list, we need to  take real action to open the economy. Above all else, we need to get  children back in school.   Prior to the pandemic, children had access to in-person staff and  services at school. But now, with schools remaining closed, we see the  results: more students falling behind, more students contemplating  suicide, more children falling into despair.   For millions of children, the ground lost during the pandemic may  never be recovered. We are failing an entire generation of our  children, and we need to reverse course and get them back in school.   Madam Speaker, there was, and still is, an opportunity to put  together a bipartisan relief package. There is still time to focus on  policies that will reopen the economy and make sure kids can learn in  person, but we cannot do it if the majority insists on this bloated  package with so many unrelated policies.   So long as the majority insists that it is their way or the highway,  true help for the American people cannot be achieved. Madam Speaker, I  urge my colleagues to reject this rule and the underlying legislation.   