 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to call up H.R.  682, the Reopen Schools Act, to get our kids out from behind screens  and back in the classroom.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. And I  thank this body for still continuing the tradition of this opportunity  to speak and have our voices heard, even though we are in the minority.   We don't control the floor, we can't put our bills on the agenda to  have a debate, and often we can't even get an amendment considered on  the bills. The Rules Committee strips out anything that would  materially change a bill. Sadly, that has been a bipartisan approach to  governing in this body. That is not a functioning legislature when  those kinds of things happen.   Why is that important?   Every Member needs to have their voice heard, and they should be  heard on the bill. They should be heard when this body wants to change  our constitutional protections fundamentally. The right to keep and  bear arms shall not be infringed. The majority doesn't seek to amend  the Constitution, but they seek to nullify that constitutional  guarantee with subterfuge.   They say that this is a background check bill. Well, every commercial  firearm transaction today already requires a background check. It  doesn't matter whether you do it at a gun store, at a gun show, or at  any other forum, if you buy a firearm from a commercial seller of  firearms, a Federal firearm license holder, you have to do a background  check. You can't do it, Mr. Speaker.   Now, what does this do?   It basically says, Mr. Speaker, that if you want to even loan a gun  to a family member to go on a hunting trip, then you have to get a  background check. Someone would be criminalized for doing that. You  can't have private transfers. Essentially, the government says you  can't be trusted to sell a firearm to anybody. You have to go to a  licensed agent of the Federal Government.   How do they guarantee that?   They guarantee that by creating a registry.   Why should we be concerned about that?   Well, that is the path toward seizing it. It doesn't guarantee that  the Government will do it, but let me tell you about the Supreme Court  and what is going on right now, Mr. Speaker.   Under the Fourth Amendment, there is a clause that has been  interpreted by Court opinions to allow seizures for community care-- warrantless seizures of property. This goes with civil asset forfeiture  and all kinds of abuses of warrantless surveillance and the Fourth  Amendment. If we do not stand up and defend the Second Amendment today,  it will be just as abused as the Fourth Amendment's guarantee of  privacy is today.   We have to oppose this bill. The people of the United States of  America are constitutionally guaranteed the right to keep and bear  arms, and this body shall not infringe it, and it shall not be  infringed without a constitutional amendment, and that is not what is  on the floor today.   Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to oppose H.R. 8 and any such effort to  deny the American citizens the protections our Constitution guarantees.   