 Thank you. Madam President.    Madam President, let me say, our times got changed today a  little bit, and I was trying to finish another thing to get over here  and hear in person what Senator Stabenow had to say. She has been an  incredible leader in this effort, a great partner.   As she mentioned, we came to the floor the last day of October 2013,  which was the 50th anniversary of President Kennedy's signing the  Community Mental Health Act. Well-intended, but an awful lot of it just  didn't get done. Facilities were closed that maybe were well overdue to  be closed, but the opportunities weren't put in place to replace them  as that act had hoped they would be.   I think we have been in the process of making big strides toward  doing that. That was 2013. In 2014, we were able to get the first pilot  project for Excellence in Mental Health put into place, an eight-State  pilot project, where we were looking not only at the impact on those  individuals and families who needed to have their behavioral health  issue treated like all other health issues but also, frankly, looking  to see what impact it had on all their other health issues when your  behavioral health issue is being treated as it should be.   One of the great costs in healthcare is missed appointments. You have  got to believe that almost 20 percent of the population that has a  behavioral health issue is more likely to miss an appointment than  everybody else, and, of course, that costs the whole system, but it  particularly costs them.   If you are going to the doctor when you need to, taking the medicine  you are supposed to take for any kind of health issue, eating better,  sleeping better, feeling better about yourself, your health issues are  dealt with in a different way.   Nearly one in five Americans, according to the NIH, has a behavioral  health problem, but only a fraction of those Americans get the care  they need. The NIH says they have a diagnosable--almost one out of five  Americans has a diagnosable and almost always treatable behavioral  health problem. But, certainly, one out of five Americans who have that  problem don't get the care they need to deal with that problem.   The COVID pandemic added to many of those challenges, and,  realistically, it would, if you think about it. If you have got a  behavioral health issue, that is not normally going to be helped by  isolation, by worrying about healthcare for yourself or somebody you  care about, wondering whether you are going to lose your job or someone  in your family is going to lose their job. None of those things are  going to be helpful.   The other area that comes into play there is an addiction issue of  any kind. If you don't have a behavioral health issue before you have  an opioid dependency or some other addiction issue, you certainly have  one after that addiction takes over.   So all of those things were exacerbated by the pandemic. The  percentage of Americans with symptoms of anxiety or depression grew by  more than 40 percent. Drug overdose deaths increased by 20 percent  between October of 2019 and 2020. It was 30 percent. I think I may have  said 20--30 percent.   That was after 3 years of having drug overdose deaths headed in a  dramatically different direction, but suddenly 2020 was the highest  year ever for drug overdose deaths.   So the challenges of that are great. We now have 10 States, including  both Missouri and Michigan, that went through a competitive process and  became part of the original Excellence in Mental Health States.   In all of those States, we have certified community behavioral health  clinics that have to meet standards. They have to meet standards of who  staffs that clinic; they have to be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a  week, with crisis management as a possibility. They can do preventive  screenings. They can determine appropriate care coordination with other  providers, like emergency room departments or veterans services.   All of those things make a dramatic difference in people's lives.  People getting help through the clinics often have access to primary  care treatment as well. I have visited a lot of those clinics in our  State. I have seen what happens with these demonstration projects. They  are enabling more people to get the complete healthcare they need--and,  again, including mental healthcare and addictive treatment--quicker,  closer to home.   In new data from the National Council for Mental Wellbeing, 84  percent of those clinics, the CCBHCs they are calling them--84 percent  of them were able to see clients within the first week. I think 100  percent of them were able to see a client who needed to be seen that  day, that day. I certainly hope that is the goal. I hope nobody goes to  a clinic, if professionals believe you need help right now, who doesn't  get help right now.   But 84 percent of the people who show up get an appointment within  the  [[Page S4615]]  first week. That definitely was not the case 10 years ago, and it is  not the case now in States that haven't become part of this program.   Ninety-five percent of those clinics are involved with law  enforcement activities and nursing and criminal justice centers. In my  hometown of Springfield, MO, every patrol officer who has been trained  in crisis intervention has an iPad with them that they can connect  anybody they are talking to with a 24/7 Burrell community health  center.   And they do. I have seen that happen. I have traveled with officers  who have done that. And, by the way, I am sure they didn't have me with  an officer who wasn't really good, but you could see, no matter how  good that officer was, the individual, when they were talking to  somebody at the clinic who was a professional dealing with this all the  time, you could see that conversation took on a totally different tone.   We have seen more and more efforts to try to help with substance  abuse. We have been able to fund the federally qualifying clinics in  new ways because of that.   So 10 States are totally in this program. Forty States, under an  amendment we made a couple of years after we got started, have been  able to take county units or other units that they can qualify into the  Excellence in Mental Health Program.   So what we are working on now with our colleagues is an effort to,  once again, make this available to the entire country. I think we have  had enough proof in the last 7 years or so to show it makes a big  difference.   Again, let me say, everybody has always known that this is the right  thing to do, and they have always known it is the thing that even was  financially smart in the long run. I think we are also showing here  how, in the immediate healthcare context, it makes a financially smart  investment to help somebody with their behavioral health challenges as  you are working with all of their other health challenges.   Behavioral health, mental health needs to be treated like all other  health. This Congress, this year, hopefully starting in this Senate,  has the ability to say: OK. We are ready to open the door now to every  State that wants to participate in a program that would treat mental  health like all other health.   I know Senator Stabenow and I are going to be working hard together,  and you are going to be helping us as we work to get this done.   Thank you for the time today. I look forward to the further debate of  these issues. I think we have come a long way within the last 8 years.  We can see the full opportunity here right on the horizon.   The Congressional Budget Office, every time they look at this, thinks  it costs less than they thought the time before because they are seeing  the overall impact in ways that we thought these pilots would prove.   So let's get this done this year. I look forward to working hard to  do it and look forward to a full debate and vote on this issue on the  Senate floor.   I would yield back.   