 Madam President, as my colleague from Iowa just said,  something mysterious happened just before the holiday weekend when the  budget was released. So just before Memorial Day, the administration  released its long-awaited fiscal year 2022 budget proposal.   Having reviewed the proposal, it is obvious why they chose this  timing to do it--because they hoped most Americans would be too  distracted by their backyard barbecues and tributes to fallen heroes to  even notice how outlandish this budget proposal is. Thank God,  Presidents only propose, Congress disposes because we have the power of  the purse.   I have bad news for my Democratic colleagues about the release of  this; that the American public won't have the wool pulled over their  eyes as easily as this administration thinks so by putting this out  late Friday before the holiday weekend. Americans will see this budget  for what it is, a very unserious political document containing a  laundry list of liberal wish list policies unmoored from economic or  fiscal reality. It would be funny if not for the very serious issues we  currently face in our country, and this budget makes them worse.   In response to the pandemic, Congress understandably took bold  actions to help individuals keep the roof over their head and to help  small businesses keep their lights on. As a result, our national debt  exploded because of the pandemic. It now exceeds the entire output of  our economy, and this budget is going to make that situation even  worse.   As we enter the postpandemic world, we need to address the very real  issues about rising debt and deficits posing for our country over the  long term. Otherwise, to quote the nonpartisan Congressional Budget  Office, ``a growing debt burden could increase the risk of a fiscal  crisis and higher inflation as well as undermine confidence in the U.S.  dollar.''   The President's budget completely ignores potential fiscal and  economic challenges that we all know are on the horizon. Taking the  concept of ``never letting a crisis go to waste'' to a whole new level,  the Biden budget would put our country in a permanent crisis mode in  terms of spending and debt levels.   In 2009, at the height of the financial crisis, the government  spending peaked at 24.4 percent of GDP. Now, spending proposed under  President Biden's budget would average even higher at 24.5 percent over  the next decade. So what we had peaked in the 2009 year of the  financial crisis is going to be just common for the whole next decade,  and that is bad.   Moreover, the President's budget would set a new record for the debt  as a share of the economy. According to the President's own rosy  assumptions, debt as a percentage of GDP would reach 112 percent next  year, shattering the World War II record of 106 percent of GDP. And by  2031, debt as a share of our economy would hit 117 percent of GDP. So  how extraordinary a step this budget takes. At a time when inflation  has been rearing its head, proposing sustained spending and debt at  these levels is playing with fire, like pouring gasoline on a fire.   Even long-term Democrat economists and Obama administration alums,  Larry Summer and Jason Furman, have begun to sound the inflation alarm.  The President would be well-advised to start taking notice when leading  economists like these two point to the dangers of inflation.   As problematic as the spending side of the budget is--and so far that  is the only part I have covered--we now go to the tax side, and the tax  side is equally dangerous. The President proposes enacting the largest  tax increase in history.   Incredibly, even with the $3.6 trillion in new taxes he proposes, his  budget still doesn't come close to putting our national debt on a  sustainable path given the new spending. This shows his tax cuts aren't  about fiscal responsibility. Instead, they are about punishing success  and redistributing wealth.   Ultimately, this will prove disastrous for the economy and, of  course, it is going to affect all Americans. Job-killing tax hikes will  slow economic growth. These tax hikes will reduce business investment,  and these tax hikes will result in lower wages and fewer jobs over the  long run. As a result, then, the middle class is likely to suffer the  most.   Higher taxes, excessive spending, and escalating debt are not a  recipe for our economy to ``Build Back Better,'' those famous words of  this President's economic program--``Build Back Better.'' Instead, they  are just a recipe for government to ``Build Bureaucracy Better'' and at  the expense of hard-working Americans.   I yield the floor.   