 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as we all know by now, a bipartisan group  of Senators worked with the White House over the last several weeks to  negotiate a $1.2 trillion infrastructure bill, and I know a lot of hard  work went into it, a lot of late nights, and I want to thank all of our  colleagues who have made a positive contribution in this debate and  discussion. It is particularly important at this time, I believe, that  we do these things on a bipartisan basis, if we can.   After much anticipation, we finally received the text Sunday night,  and a lot of what we expected to see, we saw, like funding for roads,  bridges, ports, waterways, airports, and broadband. But what we didn't  see were adequate  [[Page S5697]]  pay-fors for the bill. For example, we learned after the bill was  announced that it would be essentially a supplemental to the current  infrastructure bill, which would require another $118 billion in  general revenue to fill the gap left because of the inadequacy of the  highway trust fund funding.   Now, we have all known that that is a problem. We had to use general  revenue the last time we did a highway bill. But that hasn't really  been part of the discussion, and I think, once people begin to see an  additional $118 billion in borrowed money in order to pass this bill,  it causes significant concern.   I guess the other part of it is that this bill seems to be moving at  warp speed. Under normal circumstances, an infrastructure bill would go  through a long and arduous subcommittee process. And I know that the  Environment and Public Works Committee has passed a highway bill  reauthorization twice unanimously, once under Democratic leadership and  once under Republican leadership. So that is a positive sign. But this  is really a huge amalgam of legislation that, frankly, only about 20  percent of the Senate is intimately familiar with.   Ordinarily, in a committee, both sides would debate the bill in  hearings, markups, evaluate the cost, and offer amendments before we  get to this process, but now we know that has not happened. Frankly, I  think that is unfortunate because I think our committees are not  operating the way they should, which, in turn, I think helps us produce  a better, more thoughtful product.   We simply skipped the normal steps that would allow Members to raise  concerns about the bill long before we got here and offer changes to  improve it. So, as I have said before and I know others have said as  well, I hope the majority leader will offer ample time and  opportunities for Members on both sides of the aisle to debate and  amend this legislation. A robust amendment process is essential.   Over the last few days, I have been working with colleagues on both  sides of the aisle to identify new pay-fors that could be adopted as  amendments. We have come up with some, I think, promising ideas, and I  hope these ideas can receive a vote on the Senate floor this week.   For example, I have worked with Senator Padilla, the Senator from  California, to offer one bipartisan amendment to fund infrastructure  projects in communities across the country without increasing the debt.  Our amendment would simply give the State and local governments the  flexibility to use unspent COVID-19 funding on infrastructure projects.  It would eliminate the sunset on the use of those funds, and it would  take the guardrails off that say you can only use that money for COVID- 19 because, to be honest, the States and counties and cities have more  money than they know what to do with, at least constructively. I think  we all would have an interest in making sure that money is spent well  on long-term projects.   What I just said is not necessarily a criticism of the bills that we  passed together on a bipartisan basis. We were in the midst of a  pandemic, and we were all operating in an emergency situation, trying  to do the best we could. But we didn't know how long this virus would  last, how long it would take to get a vaccine, and how long the  negative impact on our economy would last.   Frankly, we overshot the mark, I think, in some aspects of the bill,  thus leading to the surplus of funds at many of our State and local  governments.   Right now, there are limits on how that money could be spent.  Qualifying expenses include things related directly to the pandemic,  like COVID-19 testing sites, vaccines, PSAs, and additional bed space  for hospitals.   But this funding can't currently be used for expenses unrelated to  the pandemic or items that were previously included in a budget. They  must be new, pandemic-related expenses.   As I said, in theory, at the time we did this, it made a lot of  sense. After all, this funding was meant to bolster the fight against  COVID-19 in communities across our country.   But not every community and not every State has the need for these  types of projects. In many places, the most urgent needs aren't related  to the pandemic, but, rather, the failing infrastructure.   The pandemic interrupted infrastructure improvements across the  country and forced many officials to put these projects on the back  burner. Repairs, maintenance, and construction projects were put on  hold until there was enough funding to get things back on track.   I have heard from State and local leaders in my State who are  frustrated by the lack of flexibility--by the handcuffs, frankly--on  their use of the Federal funding they have already received. They want  the option, not the mandate. They want the option to use this money  when and where it is needed most, but right now, as I said, their hands  are tied.   Many States and localities have relief funds on hand but no  necessary, qualifying expenses. They have to look at this big balance  in their accounts knowing they won't be able to spend it on the  greatest needs of their communities. Frankly, they are frustrated,  because I heard from them.   That is especially the case in rural America. In places where COVID- 19 numbers are low, leaders don't have the need or the opportunity to  spend this money within the set timeline for the purposes that Congress  has dictated. They don't need the full range of pandemic-related  resources that might be necessary in other high-density urban areas  with higher case counts.   The amendment Senator Padilla and I have offered would give leaders  in rural areas alike the option of spending the funding on necessary  infrastructure projects. This does not touch the negotiation between  the White House and so-called G-20, the bipartisan group of Senators  who came up with the substitute bill, which is the base bill that we  are now debating. This would be in addition to it.   And, frankly, this would be the most efficient way to fund many  infrastructure projects in our States and communities because, as we  know, once Congress appropriates money, frequently, it takes years  before that money makes its way to the need. Well, this could mean  widening a highway, making safety improvements on a bridge, expanding  broadband access. Urban areas could even use these funds for public  transit improvement systems.   State and local leaders know the needs of their communities best, and  they should have the flexibility to spend this money where it is needed  most. The key here is flexibility.   Here is the other benefit. It doesn't cost another dime. This is  money that we have already spent and already sent to the States, so the  score is a big zero.   How many times do we have the opportunity here to do something big  and important that doesn't run up the debt or deficit or cost us a lot  more money?   So the key here is flexibility. Our amendment doesn't place a  requirement or mandate on State and local governments to spend this  funding on anything.   Any place that has new COVID expenses to cover can and should use  this funding for that purpose, no questions asked. This simply gives  leaders at the local and State level the option to spend those relief  funds on urgent infrastructure projects that might otherwise go  unfunded or that might not be funded for years to come.   I still remember President Obama, at one point after the Great  Recession in 2008 and the recovery, when he talked about shovel-ready  projects. He said: Well, I guess shovel-ready doesn't really mean  shovel-ready.   The truth is, we have seen it time and time again. Congress  appropriates money to State and local governments, and it literally  takes years before the money gets to the intended target. This short- circuits that project because the States and local governments already  have that money and they can spend it for this purpose if we will pass  this amendment.   I am not alone in thinking this is a good idea. Back in March, nearly  three dozen organizations wrote a letter to Secretary Yellen urging her  to make transportation infrastructure an eligible expense. They talked  about the impact of COVID-19 on transportation revenues and noted that,  last year, 18 States and 24 localities announced delays or  cancellations of transportation improvement projects totaling more than  $12 billion.   These same three dozen organizations noted the pandemic has impacted  every State and community differently, thus the key flexibility. They  [[Page S5698]]  said flexibility will be critical to ensuring funds are used  expeditiously and with maximum impact. That is really what we are  talking about here.   Secretary Biden's own Transportation Secretary suggested as much. In  testimony before Congress, Secretary Buttigieg said the American Rescue  Plan ``has some flexibility in it'' that he thinks could be used ``to  support road budgets that have been impacted.''   States and cities shouldn't just be able to spend this money. They  should be able to invest it in projects and resources our communities  need the most.   This is simply a commonsense change both sides should be able to get  behind. It ensures money that has already gone out the door will be  used before it expires. It puts decision-making at the local level and  gives leaders more flexibility to decide how to use this Federal  funding on their most urgent needs; and it does so, as I said, without  increasing the national deficit at all.   This amendment has earned the support of a broad range of  organizations across the country, and I am proud to have worked with  Senator Padilla to craft this amendment in a way that both sides can  get behind it. In the coming days, I hope this will be one of many  amendments that will receive a vote on the Senate floor, perhaps as  early as today.   We have to ensure infrastructure investments are made fairly and paid  for reasonably, and a robust amendment process is the only way to get  there.   I would just add in closing, some of my colleagues have said that  they support this amendment, but they would be inclined to vote against  it because they feel like this somehow violates the agreement that  the bipartisan negotiating group had with the White House. But as I  described it, it doesn't touch--it does not touch that underlying  substitute bill.    What it does is it unleashes these funds in States like Connecticut,  Michigan, West Virginia, Texas. And it lets our State and local leaders  figure out, if they can't use these funds, if they don't need these  funds for COVID-19, how they can use them in a way that will have the  biggest, most significant economic impact on the infrastructure in  their States.   I hope my colleagues who somehow believe that they have sworn a blood  oath with the White House not to support any amendments that change the  underlying substitute--I don't know why we are voting on amendments,  unless it is to change the underlying substitute because that is our  Constitutional function. It is somehow a parallel universe in which the  White House--a different branch of government--is telling the Senate  what amendments we can and cannot pass.   As we all know, that is not the way the Constitution is written. The  Constitution said it is our prerogative, as Senators representing our  States, to vote on policies that we think are best for our States and  for the country.   Yes, the President has an important role, but his role is to veto it  if he doesn't like it, not rewrite it, not to tell us what amendments  we can vote on or not vote on. That is a perversion of the  constitutional system.   I think, for matters of institutional integrity and pride, Senators  would be very jealous about guarding their authorities under the  Constitution rather than delegating these to the administration.   I expect this is going to be a long road. We have already heard  Speaker Pelosi say she is not going to pass this bill once the Senate  passes it until she has a chance to pass the $3.5 trillion-plus  reconciliation bill at the same time. This is going to be a very bumpy  process.   But the idea that we cut off access that our States and local  government have to hundreds of billions of dollars of unused funds to  do, in their discretion, what they think needs to be done--not a  mandate, but, rather, a permission to do so. To turn down this  opportunity to get this money where it is needed most in these big  impact infrastructure projects makes no sense to me. I would encourage  all our colleagues to support this amendment.   