 Mr. President, I am here on the floor today to talk  about the massive tax increases that are being proposed by my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle and by the Biden  administration and by the Democrats in the House as a way to pay for  this big, new spending package--$3.5 trillion is what it is advertised  as, although some say that, if you do the full 10-year calculation, it  is more like $5 trillion. But it is a lot of money, and the way it is  paid for is by a huge increase in taxes. It is the biggest tax  increase, actually, we are told, in over 50 years.   And I have been on the floor talking about this a few different  times, and I talked about the impact on the economy, generally. I  talked about the impact on our competitiveness internationally, which  we finally fixed in 2017, which was really a bipartisan idea to go to a  different kind of system, and it has worked so well.   But today I want to talk about another sector of our economy that is  going to be hit really hard by these taxes, and that is small  businesses, the backbone of our economy where most people work.  Specifically, I want to focus on how these small businesses are going  to be hurt by the specific tax issues that are being proposed.   Small businesses are generally defined as having 500 or fewer  employees and make up about 99 percent of our companies in America.  There are some really big companies, but when you look at the small  businesses, they are, by far, the vast majority of our businesses-- about 32 million of them. They employ over half of the U.S. workforce,  and they account for nearly two-thirds of all jobs created in the  United States since 2000. Now, that is according to the Small Business  Administration.   So more than half the employees are there, but they actually are  responsible for creating more jobs than big businesses. Think about it.  Small businesses are more agile. It tends to be the startup businesses.  It tends to be businesses that are hiring more people. So small  business is really important. It is the backbone to our economy.   I grew up in one of those small businesses. When I was a kid, my dad  left his job as a salesman for a bigger company, where he had  healthcare and the benefits that come with that. And he sort of put it  all at risk to start his own business.   He started off with five employees. My mom was the bookkeeper. They  lost money the first few years, like a lot of small businesses do, but  he hung in there. And my brother worked there and my sister worked  there and I worked there. I worked on the shop's floor. I did the  maintenance.   It was a lift truck--forklift truck dealership, so we would grind  down the lift trucks and paint them. And I learned how not just to work  hard but learned how a small business can succeed. And it is not easy.   After losing money the first few years, my dad found his niche and  became a successful small business. My brother later took the business  to an even higher level, but it was still a small business that  struggled depending on what was happening in the economy, external  factors they couldn't control, like every small business.   It gave me a firsthand look as to how difficult it is and how  important it is, both, to have small businesses out there. My dad was  absolutely committed to ensuring the people who worked there felt like  they were part of it, so he had a profit-sharing plan. It didn't work  too well when there was no profit, but once there was profit, it worked  pretty well. And there were guys who turned a wrench their whole  career, lift truck technicians whom I have known my whole life, who are  about my age, who are retiring today with a nice nest egg because of  that profit-sharing plan and, then later, a 401(k). So I have seen what  small businesses can do for their employees, for the local economy, for  the broader community.   During COVID-19, small businesses have really struggled. It has been  tough. They have been stretched really thin. As I am sure is the case  with every single one of my colleagues here in the U.S. Senate, I have  heard from a lot of small business owners across my home State of Ohio  who have told me about the issues that they faced due to shutdowns, due  to people being sick, due to the very difficult job right now of just  getting workers to come to the business and to stay in the business.  Workforce problems are the No. 1 issue I now hear about back home.   And due to the supply chain disruptions, taking longer and longer to  get products and products having a higher and higher price due to the  inflation that is reflected in that, it is tough right now. Despite  these hardships, a lot of the small businesses I know have made it a  real priority to ensure they are taking care of their people.   We helped them do that here through the PPP program, the Paycheck  Protection Program. I strongly support it because I have seen it work.  I have seen employees be able to stick around through the worst of  COVID and now be able to come back to work.   We have got another surge going on right now in my home State and  around the country with the Delta variant, but we are learning better  how to keep people at work and how to ensure that folks are taken care  of. Often these small business owners have done this out of their own  pockets; in other words, they have lost money during the  [[Page S6772]]  COVID period in order to keep the business going. And if they can  afford to do that, great; they can keep the doors open. Some have not  been able to do that, and they have had to close their doors.   So this is a time when there is a lot of uncertainty out there in the  economy. It is a time when businesses have kind of been through the  roller coaster of COVID. It is not the time to raise taxes on small  businesses.   Back in 2017, Congress had the value of these small businesses in  mind when we wrote the historic Tax Cuts and Jobs Act reforms. Through  provisions like lowering the individual rate of taxation and enacting  what is called the section 199A deduction, we gave small businesses  needed tax relief and encouraged them to invest in growing their  operations, hiring more workers, lifting wages.   And it worked. The success of small businesses in 2018 and 2019,  before COVID and after the 2017 bill was put into effect, was truly  extraordinary. In February of 2020, just before COVID hit, we had the  19th straight month of wage increases of 3 percent or more on an annual  basis. Nineteen straight months we had wages going up.   Isn't that what we all wanted? That was the whole idea, to have an  opportunity economy where people can get ahead. And wages were going up  faster than inflation, which, unfortunately, is not the case now. In  many instances, even when people are getting some wage gains right now,  with 5 percent-plus inflation, it is eating it up.   We also had a situation back then where we had not just wage growth  but we had a reduction in poverty. We had the lowest poverty rate since  we started keeping track of it back in the 1950s, prior to COVID. I  think a lot of it was because those tax cuts actually worked. And,  again, for a small business, it is really important because that is  where most people are employed.   We also had the lowest unemployment in 50 years in this country and  the lowest unemployment ever for certain groups, including Blacks,  Hispanics, the disabled. So a lot of stuff was going right. Then COVID  hit.   Now we are coming out of COVID. Again, the wrong time to raise taxes.  That Tax Code we put in place in 2017 gave small business the chance to  succeed and, therefore, gave a lot of individuals the chance to meet  their American dream.   The overall economy has improved some since 2020, but a lot of small  businesses have not seen that rebound yet. COVID, particularly, has  hurt our hospitality sector. I am in that business. My family business  is in that business as well. It is tough.   The travel business, entertainment business, and every small  business, again, that I know has been hit with higher inflation for  their input. So things are more expensive coming in, and yet it is hard  to be able to raise your prices, so they are caught in a squeeze.  Finding workers again has been a real change--the supply chain issues  we have talked about.   So why would Democrats propose billions in tax hikes on small  businesses right now?   We ought to be helping our small businesses instead, not making it  harder to stay afloat. Remember, as I said, these are the biggest tax  increases we have had in over 50 years.   Democrats claim they are just going after large corporations, but,  unfortunately, that is not what is happening. A lot of small businesses  are going to be caught in the crosshairs of the income tax hikes that  Democrats are proposing. That is primarily because about 95 percent of  small businesses operate as what is called pass-throughs.   The vast, vast majority of small businesses are partnerships, sole  proprietorships, or companies that are limited liability companies with  subchapter S companies. So the business doesn't pay the taxes directly.  The tax is actually paid by the owners of the business, on their 1040-- individual tax return.   What that means is that success of pass-throughs, which combine to  employ about 58 percent of the Nation's workforce, will be taxed in  line with whatever the income tax level is. And there are many  reasonably successful pass-throughs that will be lumped into the top  bracket of the Tax Code, which starts at $400,000 in income.   These small businesses, through the owner, will end up paying a 39.6  percent increase tax, plus a 3.8 percent surtax on small business  income. You add to that the average State income tax of about 5  percent, and that puts the figure for small businesses at about 48  percent on average--and well over 50 percent in some States--48 percent  taxes. That is tough. And it is a big tax increase for a lot of those  businesses. Again, they are pass-through businesses, so the owners are  the ones who pay the taxes.   If they weren't paying the taxes, they wouldn't often get a dividend  from the company to pay those taxes; they would be investing more in  that business. So it hurts the businesses directly. But a pass-through  doesn't even have to reach that level of success we talked about--the  $400,000 income level--in order to be hit with tax increases. That is  because, contrary to what has repeatedly been said by the Biden  administration, according to the nonpartisan Joint Committee on  Taxation analysis of the House Ways and Means, Democratic tax proposal,  a lot of taxpayers making less than $400,000 are going to see higher  taxes. Some percentage of taxpayers in every income bracket will see  their rates go up, even folks making between 40,000 and 50,000 bucks  per year. Check out the analysis yourself. You can go online, Joint  Committee on Taxation, and look at it.   In fact, according to these distribution tables by the Joint  Committee on Taxation, more than one in three taxpayers making between  $100,000 and $200,000 per year will be paying higher taxes in 2023. By  2031, more than three-quarters of those middle-income taxpayers-- between 100- and 200,000 bucks a year--will be paying higher taxes.   Remember, again, this is not just a tax on individuals; it is a tax  on small businesses that are taxed through individuals.   On top of that, Democrats want to cap the invaluable 20-percent  deduction on qualified business income that was designed to help pass- throughs compete with larger C corporations.   Again, in 2017, not only lowered the rates to help small businesses,  but we said: If you are a small business, you can get this deduction-- this 20 percent deduction--on qualified business income.   And for the small businesses listening this evening: Watch out. I  know you have enjoyed that deduction and you have needed it to be able  to stay afloat during COVID. That is now at risk.   And successful small businesses earning more than $5 million a year  will be saddled with an additional 3-percent surcharge on top,  resulting in over 50-percent average income tax. That means small  businesses are going to have a harder time hiring workers or paying  them competitive wages.   In all, the average pass-throughs should expect their Federal tax  rate to rise from about 29.6 percent--about 30 percent now--to 46.4  percent under the Democrats' new plan.   Folks, that is not soaking the rich. That is slamming small business  owners all across America, as well as their employees, many of whom are  just trying to make ends meet.   But Democrats don't just want small businesses to give more of their  money to the Federal Government; they want to make small businesses  give more of their time as well in the form of burdensome new  information requirements that would bury the IRS in a sea of useless  information, largely, that would end up causing the most trouble for  small businesses that don't have the lawyers or the accountants and  other professionals to handle these burdensome new requirements.   Under this Biden administration bank reporting proposal, individual  and businesses would be required to report to the IRS inflows and  outflows of money out of an account--things like expenditures and  payments. The Biden administration proposal starts this reporting as  low as $600.    But even at that higher number that they are talking about now, what  would be reportable would represent a radical shift in the information  required to be given to the IRS, which normally just takes in  information related to income. This wouldn't be about income. This  would be about payments and expenditures.   So my hope is that these information reporting requirements, which is  an additional burden on small businesses, is  [[Page S6773]]  something my colleagues look at and say: Let's not raise taxes on small  businesses, but also let's not increase these burdens that will, again,  fall mostly on the smaller businesses that don't have the ability to  handle that kind of new information and bureaucracy.   The upshot is that the hundreds of millions of accounts with major  financial institutions; e-payment apps, like Venmo; and cryptocurrency  exchanges, like Coinbase, are going to be subject to more paperwork and  confusion.   So as an example, if you have one of the 403 million active PayPal  accounts, your personal account information will be sent to the IRS and  likely result in confusion at some point. Imagine trying to prove that  the money you are pooling together for a vacation for personal use or  for your weekly pizza night with buddies aren't business income. You  may have to prove that now.   These small business tax hikes and burdensome new reporting  requirements are just one part of a set of tax overhauls that leave no  stone unturned--from death taxes to marriage taxes, capital gains tax  increases, retirement account tax increases, and many more.   It is no surprise that the president of the National Federation of  Independent Businesses wrote last week that ``small businesses aren't  just looking at one or two tax hikes under the proposed plan. They're  looking at a slew of tax increases that would hit them from every  angle.''   We all ought to be particularly concerned that Democrats want to  overhaul so much of our Tax Code when these economic trends are so  uncertain--high inflation, continuing COVID concerns, major supply  chain disruptions.   By the way, it now takes 80 days--twice as long as it did before the  pandemic--to move goods from Asia to North America. Once goods reach  the west coast, the wait time for containers sitting at the docks  waiting to be moved by train or truck is the longest it has been since  last summer, in the middle of even worse COVID conditions. This is not  the time to make things worse for small businesses.   And at a time when tax receipts are at or above the historical  average, why do Democrats feel so strongly that America is undertaxed?   The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office--or CBO--projects  corporate tax receipts will climb to $379 billion in 2023, or 1.5  percent of our economy. According to the Tax Foundation, this would be  ``a record high in nominal terms and nearly matching average corporate  tax collections as a share of GDP'' prior to the 2017 tax reforms.   So payroll tax revenue has risen by 4 percent as well, suggesting  that workers are taking home bigger paychecks than before. To say that  we are undertaxed doesn't seem to be consistent with the data we are  getting. Again, check it out. The Congressional Budget Office has its  own website. You can learn about this. The Tax Foundation has its own  website. You can learn about what is going on in terms of our tax  collections.   As a share of the GDP, those tax collections will be back up right  where they were before the 2017 tax bill, in a couple of years, if we  simply continue as we are.   So the opportunity economy we talked about earlier, I think, in large  part created by the 2017 tax reforms is on track to bring historically  high tax revenues to the Federal Government as we get out of this COVID  crisis.   Really, one of the biggest factors in holding back our economy at  this point is surging inflation that is, unfortunately, wiping out a  lot of the income gains that we have seen.   But inflation is driven largely by the trillions in unprecedented  stimulus spending the Biden administration has pushed on the American  people already.   Remember the $1.9 trillion back in March focused--so the Democrats  said--on COVID; but, in fact, when you looked at it, most of it was not  about the COVID crisis, but it was a lot of new stimulation to the  economy--a lot of stimulus.   And at the time, people on both sides of the aisle--Republicans and  Democrats--who were experts on the economy said this is going to be  problematic; this is just a lot of new money to throw into the economy.   Larry Summers, former Secretary of the Treasury under Democratic  administrations and a Democratic economist, said this is going to lead  to higher inflation. He was roundly criticized for that by many in the  media and many on the other side of the aisle. Unfortunately, it turns  out he was absolutely right. It has led to this high inflation that, as  we learned this week from Chairman Powell of the Federal Reserve, is  not transitory, as was said early on. Unfortunately, this current  inflation is going to continue at least through this year and next  year, we are told.   So this new $3.5 trillion in social spending is going to add to  that--more stimulus. The economists call that adding to the demand side  of the economy. So you are adding to the supply side of the economy; it  would be counter-inflationary. But you are adding to the demand side,  what people want to buy--you are adding to inflation. So more money out  there to be buy the goods; fewer goods raises the cost of everything.   So my concern is we are going to drive inflation even higher if we go  ahead with this $3.5 trillion social spending paid for, again, by these  tax increases that are going to hurt small businesses.   I can't understand why Democrats are so insistent on jamming this  partisan tax-and-spending bill through the U.S. Congress.   Why would you want to throw out the Tax Code that fueled that  unprecedented opportunity economy we saw prior to the COVID pandemic?   I know none of my Republican colleagues are going to support these  tax hikes because they believe they would be devastating to small  businesses and to our economy at large. And I would urge any of my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle who care about our long-term  economic health to take a long look at what this tax plan would  actually do, what it would mean to our competitiveness, what it would  mean to individuals and families, what it would mean to small  businesses, and instead make the smart choice to reject these tax  increases on the small businesses--the very small businesses that drive  the economy in the United States of America.   I yield back my time.   