 Madam President, the crisis along our southern border is  bad and has been getting worse since Joe Biden became President.   Last month, more than 200,000 migrants crossed our southern border-- the second month in a row that we have seen a number that high. Since  President Biden raised his right hand and took the oath of office on  January 20, Customs and Border Protection has stopped more than 1.2  million border crossers. That is nearly triple the total number it was  at this point in the Obama administration, and more than eight times  the number of migrants stopped at this point during the Trump  administration.   These numbers have real consequences. Migrants are exploited, abused,  raped, and some die on their dangerous trips to our border. Once they  arrive, Border Patrol, local law enforcement, and nongovernmental  organizations are expected to do a lion's task with a mouse's  resources, and the surge of resources to migrants leaves serious  security vulnerabilities that are exploited by cartels and criminal  organizations.   Even before this current crisis with Haitians, Border Patrol  officials have told me, just to deal with unaccompanied children and  the number of migrants coming to the border, that as many as 40 percent  of the Border Patrol have had to leave the front lines of protecting  the border, which means that the drug cartels can simply exploit those  gaps in the Border Patrol's security line in order to move illegal  drugs into the United States that, last year alone, took the lives of  more than 90,000 Americans by overdose.   As though things weren't challenging enough already, the city of Del  Rio, with a population of 35,000 people, has been flooded by a group of  nearly 15,000 migrants. Can you imagine? A city of 35,000 sees this  huge human tsunami of 15,000 migrants almost exclusively from Haiti.   By the way, this ought to demonstrate that this is not just a  regional phenomenon. I know the Vice President went down to Central  America and said that she talked to the Presidents of the Central  American countries, of the Triangle countries, and said: Please don't  send your people to the United States.   Meanwhile, the green light was on at the border as a result of the  refusal to enforce the basic security laws that were put in place by  the previous administration. In fact, it looks like the guiding  principle of the Biden administration was, whatever the previous  administration did, we are going to undo it.   They forgot to put an alternative plan in place, and so the people  keep coming--1.2 million migrants, just so far, since the Biden  administration began. Well, migrants have now set up a camp under the  International Bridge in Del Rio, in 100-degree temperatures. And they  have been so brazen that they literally have gone back and forth across  the river to Mexico to purchase supplies--food, water, or whatever.  They have been able to go back and forth virtually at will.   Border Patrol and State and local officials have been working around  the clock to ease the humanitarian crisis that President Biden and his  policies created, and they are being overwhelmed.   As I said, Del Rio isn't a huge city with unlimited resources. It is,  roughly, 2\1/2\ times the size of the migrant group, and like other  border communities, the city has experienced a one-two punch in the  last year and a half because of COVID-19. First came the pandemic and a  full range of new expenses. Then the strain was compounded by the  restrictions on so-called nonessential cross-border travel, which has  been in place for a year and a half.   Pre-pandemic folks from Mexico, if they had the proper paperwork,  would travel across the border to shop, to eat, and to visit family  members, and they were huge economic drivers of our border communities.   The Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas estimated that, prior to these  restrictions, between 40 to 45 percent of all retail activity in  Laredo, for example, was attributable to Mexican nationals. That has  dried up completely.   Leaders in Texas, like the ones I met with in Brownsville last week,  are struggling to understand the contradiction between the Biden  administration's two different approaches. On the one hand, the  administration is saying it is too dangerous for Mexican nationals to  visit families in Texas or to shop in our stores because of the virus;  but on the other hand, the administration is allowing 1.2 million  migrants to cross our borders--untested, unvaccinated, most of whom are  simply waved on through into the interior of the United States and told  to appear at a future court hearing, which most of them will never show  up for.   We simply don't know what kind of risks these untested, unvaccinated  migrants who are being waved into the interior of the United States  could pose to communities in Texas or across the country.   Just last week, the Department of Homeland Security Office of  Inspector General found that, without stronger COVID-19 testing  measures in place, the Department is putting everyone--migrants, Border  Patrol agents, Customs agents, and the local communities along the  border--at greater risk.   Still, the Biden administration has refused to take any sort of  serious action that would stop the flood of humanity coming across our  border. Yes, they have paid lip service. They have said: Don't come.   Meanwhile, the migrants are on the phone, talking to family in the  United States, or they are simply watching American TV as the flood of  humanity continues to come across the border without there being any  real consequences.   On Friday, the current surge of primarily Haitian migrants became so  overwhelming that the Biden administration closed a legal port of entry  in Del Rio, as well as interior checkpoints.  [[Page S6543]]    For those of our colleagues who have actually been to the border,  they know that Customs and Border Protection checks people as they  enter the country at the border, but there are also interior  checkpoints because we know many people aren't identified until they  are found in an 18-wheeler trailer or embedded in some sort of hiding  place or when the drugs that people are trying to smuggle into the  United States are found often at the interior checkpoints.   Because of the flood of humanity coming across the border because the  Border Patrol at Del Rio was so overwhelmed, 400 Border Patrol agents  were reassigned from other places, including interior checkpoints, to  come help deal with the masses. That created a huge vulnerability for  the drug smugglers and human smugglers. So-called nonessential travel  was already shut down, but the administration bungled the entire  situation so badly that they had to shut down essential trade and  travel as well.   Last Friday, I spoke with Border Patrol Deputy Chief Manny Padilla-- somebody I have known for years and who used to be the chief of the Rio  Grande Valley's sector of the Border Patrol. He told me that the main  focus at the time, of course, was trying to deal with the humanitarian  crisis of getting food, water, and sanitation to these individuals.  Once the most urgent humanitarian needs are met, the processing and  potential removal of migrants will move more quickly.   So far, a few thousand migrants have been moved to other Border  Patrol sectors for processing. Again, because Del Rio's sector was  overwhelmed, they had to bus them as far away as Arizona just to  process people through the border. Some have already been returned to  Haiti, and in the coming days, we can expect more flights to move some  of the thousands of migrants back home.   The Department of Homeland Security has claimed that they will use  title 42, a public health authority, to expel the vast majority of  migrants. But the administration needs to be honest with us.   Will they use this title 42 authority--again, to protect the public  health--to expel migrant families, too, and not just single adults? If  not, will the Department use the expedited removal authority to swiftly  remove these migrant families and, in doing so, deter others from  coming? Or will they essentially continue to wave people through,  encouraging even more migrants to make their way to the border? And  will these migrants that they do have remain in custody until a removal  decision is rendered?   We know that catch and release simply doesn't work. It can be  exploited to the point where people know that, if we don't detain them,  we will give them this notice to appear--sometimes called, in Spanish,  a permiso--and they will be sent into the interior of the United  States, many of whom are never heard from again.   The Department of Homeland Security and the administration need to  back up their proposed plans of dealing with this crisis--and their  public statements--with real and immediate consequences to cut off the  flow and deter future immigration.   There is a clear and urgent need for Congress to take action, and  contrary to what our Democratic colleagues believe, blanket amnesty is  not the answer. That will serve as an additional magnet for illegal  immigration.   Rather than address the crisis at hand, our Democratic colleagues  have spent the bulk of this year figuring out how to bend the rules of  the Senate to grant citizenship to millions of people who have entered  this country illegally.   Their plan would have provided legal status to people who entered the  country as recently as this year, as long as they would have been 18  years or younger when they had arrived. It would have turned our ag  sector on its head by legalizing unlawfully present farmworkers with  absolutely no provisions to ensure that our agriculture producers would  have access to a stable workforce. And it would have legalized millions  of people with temporary protected status without even addressing the  fact that this temporary program has been in existence for three  decades.   There is a reason that Senate Democrats tried to pass a partisan bill  by using the arcane budget procedures instead of the normal legislative  process. These policies do nothing to alleviate the crisis that has  existed on the border since Joe Biden became President. They fail to  address the underlying reason people are unlawfully present and living  in the shadows in the first place, and they literally reward illegal  immigration. It is unfair to those immigrants who follow our laws and  wait patiently in line.   Yesterday, the Senate Parliamentarian confirmed what we already  suspected, and that is that our Democratic colleagues will not be able  to use budget procedures to grant citizenship to millions of  undocumented immigrants in a purely partisan budget reconciliation  bill. Our Democratic colleagues have said they have a plan B, and while  I haven't seen any details about what that might entail, I seriously  doubt it will succeed. I hope our colleagues will respect the decision  made by the neutral, unbiased guidance of the Parliamentarian and avoid  nuking the rules of the Senate to achieve a partisan political goal.   In the meantime, there is a clear and urgent crisis on our southern  border, and President Biden has proven that he is either unwilling or  incapable of addressing it.   But Congress also has a duty to take action that can only be done in  a bipartisan way. It is not too late for our friends across the aisle  to abandon their partisan amnesty plan and work with us on this side to  address the actual crisis at hand.   And I have a suggestion about where we can start. Last April, Senator  Sinema, the senior Senator from Arizona, and I introduced the  Bipartisan Border Solutions Act to address this unfettered flow of  immigration.   I have been proud to also work--we have both been proud to work with  two friends and colleagues in the House--Congressman Henry Cuellar, a  Democrat, and Tony Gonzales, a Republican. So it is literally a  bipartisan and bicameral piece of legislation.   Perhaps it is because the four of us live in and represent border  States, we have spent time listening and learning from the men and  women who safeguard our border and those who care for migrants and  those who live in these border communities that are disproportionately  impacted.   There are a lot of people who talk about what has happened at the  border who have never even been there. They inaccurately characterize  border communities as unsafe and lawless. They villainize the Border  Patrol and other law enforcement agencies for actually enforcing the  laws that Congress has passed. And they propose blanket solutions to  the complex challenges that exist, which would do far more harm than  good.   The fact is, the border is a beautiful, safe, and vibrant region. The  men and women who lead and protect these communities are doing  everything in their power to fairly and humanely respond to the crisis,  but they are simply being overwhelmed and asked to do something that is  the Federal Government's responsibility.   That is why our legislation is important. It would streamline the  processing of migrants in regional processing centers that would  provide new protections for unaccompanied children, one-third of whom  have been lost--lost--because they have been placed with sponsors, and  when the Federal Government tries to follow up and find out how they  are doing, a third of them never respond, and they are lost to the  system.   Our bill would also expedite legal proceedings and ensure that we  have enough immigration judge teams, asylum officers, and staff to do  things the right way. A number of groups have endorsed the bill, not  partisan groups, and it constitutes a simple starting point that  Democrats and Republicans should be able to agree on.   Democrats cannot continue to turn a blind eye to the humanitarian  crisis on our southern border. To borrow a phrase from a sign held by  one Del Rio resident last week: ``No more optics. We want action.''   