 Madam Speaker, this has been a confusing  time period I think for most of America, and why the confusion is  becoming so cluttered among us all is because we are using definitions  that sometimes don't seem to make sense for the situation that we are  in.   So I was thinking back, and not too long ago we were told that we  don't have to worry about our borders because we really don't have a  crisis there, what we have is a challenge.   As we seem to constantly redefine or put different labels on what we  know to be true, I think it is time for a moment of clarity. I went to  Oxford Languages to find out just what a crisis is.   So this is not my definition. This is what Oxford Languages has said:  A crisis is a time of intense difficulty or trouble or danger; a time  when a difficult or important decision must be made.   So what is it I am talking about?   I am talking about our crisis at our borders.   So why would a guy who lives in western Pennsylvania worry about what  is happening on the borders in Texas and Arizona? That is almost 2,000  miles away from where I live. That is almost 2,000 miles away from the  people I represent. How could it possibly impact them?   So I would tell my friends that if you don't think this is going to  have an impact in the community you live in, this is coming to a town  real close to you real soon.   In Erie, Pennsylvania, we are now housing about 150 young girls who  have come from the border. Now, I don't know where their starting point  was. I know where their entry came, and I know now that these  unaccompanied young ladies--they are 7 to 12 years old--have now been  shuttled to Erie, Pennsylvania, into housing which is much better than  what they were experiencing at the border. They are living there now,  and I am not sure that they know what the consequences of this  relocation means to them.   I have been told that of those people who have come in, those little  girls who have come in, approximately 30 of them have COVID.   We sit in this House--the people's House--and we debate issues that  are sometimes very confusing and very conflicting and separate us as a  people. This is not an issue that should separate us. If we truly  believe that there is a humanitarian crisis, then we should fix it in a  humanitarian way.   I have often been told that you can't beat something with nothing.  The previous administration under President Trump had a very clear  policy about how we were supposed to handle the surge at our borders, a  very clear process, very clear what was to take place. That all  changed. As the Biden administration came in, they said, no, this  policy from the previous administration is untenable, it is not humane,  and it is no longer going to be in existence.   Again, Madam Speaker, you can't replace something with nothing. My  question to the administration through several letters and through  several requests for the HHS and the Office of Refugee Resettlement,  was answered with no answer at all. So if you have no policy you have  no answer.    If you continue to say that we really don't have a crisis at our  border, then you are either unaware or just choose not to say what you  really have in mind, and you can only do that if you don't really have  anything in mind.   Madam Speaker, I think that in the people's House--and we are always  defined as who is in the majority and who is in the minority and who  represents whom and whose best interests are being upheld, and I would  just suggest that this is the people's House. It is not called the  Republic House or the Democrat House. It is called the people's House,  and the people--the American people--need to have an answer to what is  our policy on the border?   What is our policy going forward?   How are we going to relocate these children?   They are children. My wife and I being the mother and father of four  children and grandparents of 10 children, I cannot imagine in my life  handing over my grandchildren or my children to somebody I don't know  and saying: Would you please get them to America where I know they will  be safe, sound, and well-treated?   This is truly a crisis. More importantly, this is a dereliction of  duty by  [[Page H2101]]  the current administration. I am requesting that the Biden  administration answer not just me from western Pennsylvania, the 16th  Congressional District, but the people of America who deserve to know  what this policy is, how it is going to be administered, and what do  these contracts look like when we are transporting these children from  one location to another, and, ultimately, where are they supposed to  land?   Where are they supposed to find refuge?   Where are they supposed to find a loving family to take care of them?   I have been told that 90 percent of these unaccompanied children are  going to end up with family members, and my question is: Where did you  collect that data?   I have granddaughters who were 12, and I have granddaughters who were  7. I think it would be a difficult question to ask them what their  future looks like whenever they have been shuttled off to someplace far  away from home by people they don't know and then being told: Don't  worry, everything is going to be fine, and 90 percent of you are going  to end up with a family member.   Really?   Where is that data?   I will close with this--and I really appreciate the gentleman  yielding--it is time for Americans to stand up and demand that we have  an answer to what our policy is at our border.   What are we going to do with these children?   If we are truly calling this a humanitarian crisis, then we need to  have a humanitarian answer. No answer, no process absolutely is not the  way America works.   So I am calling on the administration today to please answer our  questions. I will be in Erie, Pennsylvania, on Saturday where I will be  able to physically examine where these children are, and I will come  back to Congress with what I have seen happen.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   