 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res.  11.   And before I start, I want to just let the ranking member know, my  job is to get as many resources to my State as possible from this COVID  relief. So, I hope you report how much money my State has received, and  please say ``Nevada'' correctly when you do it.   That money is needed to help workers, families, and small businesses  who are struggling during the worst pandemic that we have experienced  in a generation.   Now, 3 years ago, Republicans pushed through the biggest tax cuts in  American history for the wealthiest Americans and the biggest  corporations. Those tax cuts added nearly $2 trillion to the national  debt without a whisper about fiscal conservatism from my colleagues on  the other side.   Now, in the middle of a pandemic, one that has resulted in more than  400,000 deaths of our fellow Americans, millions of jobs that have been  lost, and countless small businesses that have been shuttered, my  colleagues on the other side want to talk about the deficit.   Well, I am calling your bluff. This isn't about the deficit; it is  about obstruction. And if Republicans would rather watch their  constituents--to the ranking member, you have the same constituents.  You have talked to me about the fact that your district is one of the  poorest districts in the country. You and I have talked. You are also a  member of the Ways and Means Committee. I have relatives in Missouri,  so I am just as concerned about those workers, those families, and  those small businesses.   We want to crush the virus, but in my home State, we can't recover  and reopen our economy until we crush this virus. So, I need you to  work with us. There is nothing in this resolution that says Republicans  can't join on board. The President said today that he is willing to  entertain suggestions on how to move forward.   But my vote for this resolution is a call to my colleagues to work  with us to get this done because our constituents are counting on us,  not blue State constituents or red State constituents but American  constituents.   I represent rural parts of my district that are conservative, and I  have urban parts of my district that are not. I am fighting for all of  them.   I am taking a stand, and I am asking you to work with us to pass this  American Rescue Plan for all families, for all workers, and for all  small businesses that have suffered for far too long. I know that these  are divided times, but bipartisanship can change that.   Mr. Ranking Member, I am asking you to work with us, not in the  majority, but as colleagues to do the right thing on behalf of all of  our constituents because that is why each one of us was elected.  Courage is what American people deserve most, Mr. Speaker.   