 Mr. President, last week, I came to the Senate floor no  fewer than three times and invited my colleagues to pass bills to  protect millions of Americans at risk of losing their jobs, their  livelihoods, due to President Biden's COVID-19 vaccine mandate.   Unfortunately, due to objections from the other side of the aisle,  these bills were not adopted. But I committed then, as I do again  today, that I will be back with additional proposals for as long as it  takes to beat this sweeping mandate.   Since I began this effort against the mandate, there has been a  massive outpouring of support from across the country. I have heard  from Americans in countless sectors, from multiple States, who are at  risk of losing their jobs. These Americans just want to make their own  medical decisions--a right that has always been afforded and not  challenged since the beginning of our Nation.   In Utah alone, I have heard from no fewer than 184 people who are at  risk of losing their livelihoods. They and so many others, those who  share the same concerns, are our neighbors; they are everyday  Americans, and they have legitimate medical concerns about getting the  vaccine.  [[Page S6908]]    But President Biden doesn't care. He said simply, ``This isn't about  freedom or personal choice.''   Well, to the millions of Americans who face the punishment of being  made unemployable if they do not succumb to the President's will, this  very much is about freedom and personal choice. There must be a more  reasonable answer. There must be a more compassionate answer.   The COVID-19 vaccine has been deemed generally safe. I don't dispute  that. In fact, I, along with my entire family, have been vaccinated. I  see the development of these vaccines as a miracle and a blessing. But  there are some people with preexisting conditions or complications.  Many of these individuals have been advised by their trusted, board- certified doctors that they should not receive the vaccine. These  Americans, they deserve to be able to make their own medical decisions,  and they should not be forced by the President of the United States to  go against the advice of their doctors.   Now let's look down the road at what will necessarily follow this  vaccine mandate. Countless Americans who follow the recommendations of  their doctors would lose their jobs in an already troubled economy.  These individuals and families would not be just unemployed; the  President of the United States would deem them unemployable, second- class pariahs. Businesses that dare to employ the unvaccinated would be  subject to crippling fines and risk closure.   The President of the United States, unilaterally, without any say  from the people's Representatives in Congress, is set on imposing  financial destruction on many American families and businesses. He is  even targeting those with complicated medical conditions and forcibly  removing them from the economy and much of broader society.   So today, I am offering the Senate an option to take a more  compassionate, reasonable approach. My bill, the Your Health Comes  First Act, would exempt from the President's mandate individuals with  personal health concerns related to the vaccine.   Simply put, Americans who are worried about how the vaccine would  interact with or compound their existing medical difficulties would not  be obligated to get it. Those who have been advised by their doctors  not to get the vaccine due to preexisting medical conditions would not  be forced to go against the recommendations of their doctor.   This bill is a reasonable and a compassionate solution to allow  concerned Americans the dignity and autonomy we all deserve.   This isn't the only flaw with the mandate. As I have said before, the  President lacks authority to do this. Neither the Federal Government,  in general, nor the President of the United States, in particular, has  the power under the Constitution to implement a broad mandate of this  sort.   Whether you think government ought to be mandating it or not, whether  you think government ought to force people out of their jobs if they  refuse to get it or not, that is a different, analytically distinct  question in our constitutional system from whether the Federal  Government has the authority, generally, or the President, in  particular, has the authority. It doesn't, and he does not.   These arguments need to remain at the forefront of the conversation:  questions regarding the constitutionality and the constitutional  authority to issue this in the first place.   I will be back tomorrow with another proposal, and I will be at this  for as long as it takes to end this unconstitutional and  uncompassionate mandate.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be  discharged from further consideration of S. 2848, and that the Senate  proceed to its immediate consideration. I ask unanimous consent that  the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I appreciate the insight from my friend and  distinguished colleague, the Senator from Connecticut.  [[Page S6909]]    I want to be very clear: The limited focus of this bill--the bill  that I offered up for passage in the Senate today--is narrow.   It has one purpose: For those Americans who have a medical concern  and who have been advised by their doctor, based on some condition  associated with their health, that they should not get it, they  shouldn't have to choose between getting vaccinated and losing their  job.   My friend from Connecticut goes so far, I think, as to implicitly  acknowledge that there ought to be an exception made for those people.  One, he says, President Biden's vaccine mandate accommodates them.   Well, there is a problem with that. President Biden hasn't issued  anything. He has suggested, along with members of his administration,  that there might be a somewhat accommodation for them. I am not sure  what that means, neither is corporate America. A lot of corporate  America, acting on the advice of legal counsel and human resources  departments, tends to be adopting rules already. Some of them take  exceptions like these into account; others do not.   Look, it is really not too much to ask. I suggest that if you are  going to impose a sweeping mandate like this, that you ought to have  some protection for people with complicating medical conditions, who,  on the advice of a board-certified physician, choose not to get it.   Now, again, this does not mean that I am OK with the rest of the  mandate; I am not. And I respectfully, but very strongly, disagree with  my friend's characterization that this is just fine for the Federal  Government to do.   The Federal Government lacks general police powers. The lion's share  of the authority within government in our system lies with the States  and their political subdivisions.   Our national government is in charge of just a few basic and  distinctively national matters: national defense, a uniformed system of  weights and measures, trademarks, copyrights, and patents, regulating  trade or commerce between the States with foreign nations and with the  Indian Tribes.   There are a number of others, but there is no power in there that  just refers to providing generally for laws that make the American  people safe and healthy.   Those powers exist in America; they just aren't vested in this  government. It doesn't mean that States and localities will always  exercise that power wisely or prudently or compassionately, but it  means insofar as you are going to act through government, that is the  appropriate place and not this one.   Now, my friend from Connecticut then responds by saying, ``Yeah, but  the power is still there anyway.''   Even if I were to assume his point that the power of the Federal  Government somehow extends to an individual vaccine mandate, which it  doesn't--and I would challenge him or anyone else to cite what  provision of the U.S. Constitution it is that that provides that  authority--but even if we were to accept the premise, just for purposes  of discussion, that the Federal Government may exercise such authority,  the President may not exercise that authority alone.   The very first clause of the first article--in the first section of  the first article of that Constitution says: ``All legislative Powers  herein granted shall be vested in our Congress of the United States,  which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.''   Article I, section 7 then makes clear that in order to pass a law, a  Federal law in the United States--that is, in order to adopt a policy  of the Federal Government, enforceable through the overpowering force  that is the Federal Government--you have to follow the article I,  section 7 formula, which means you have to take a legislative  proposal--a bill--you have to pass it in the House, and you have to  pass it in the Senate with the same language--and it has to be  submitted to the President for signature, veto, or acquiescence.   If you don't undertake that process at all, there is no authority in  the executive to do anything like what they are describing. What  President Biden has done is to arrogate to himself powers that he not  only characterizes as Federal, but, really, are legislative powers that  he doesn't possess.   The President of the United States is the chief executive. He is not  a lawmaker. And he certainly is not the entire legislative branch. And  so that, really, is quite beside the point.   It doesn't make a difference with his Federal authority. The fact  that Federal authority is asserted to exist, which it is not, and we  can't identify a single clause of article I, section 8, or another part  of the Constitution that can fairly be read, especially against the  backdrop of its original public meaning, to convey that power--but even  if you concede that point, there is no reasonable, plausible,  defensible argument that would say the President of the United States  may wield this authority unilaterally.   That is what despots and tyrants would have the power to do. And if  there is one thing that is very consistent and uniform in our  constitutional structure it is that no one person, no one group of  people, is ever supposed to be able to accumulate dangerous degrees of  power and that the President of the United States is neither a lawmaker  nor the entire legislative branch. He may not step into those shoes.   As to the assertion about science, my friend and colleague referred  to this as somehow a war on science. It is not a war on science to  suggest that the President lacks authority to do something  unilaterally. I would call that a war on the Constitution, frankly.   It is not a war on science to say that whenever a government acts, it  ought to do so out of an abundance of caution and out of respect for  the people to provide reasonable accommodations to individuals who have  medical conditions that make them uniquely vulnerable to what the  government is inclined to require.   Again, this mandate is unconstitutional. It doesn't make the vaccine  bad. In fact, the vaccine is a blessing, and I think the American  people have been made safer as a result of it.   That doesn't mean every American must get it. It certainly doesn't  mean that it is any of the Federal Government's business to tell people  that they have to choose between getting the vaccine and losing their  job, especially with regard to individuals who have preexisting medical  conditions that would make it dangerous for them to do so in the  judgment of their board-certified medical physician. That is wrong.  That is absolutely wrong.   Now, look, COVID-19 has imposed a lot of tragedies, and it is  heartbreaking. A number of people we have lost, including the  individuals who have died in the last month at Tallahassee Memorial  Hospital, who he mentioned--every one of those lives is of infinite  eternal value. Those are unrepeatable lives lost to a deadly pandemic.  My heart goes out to each one of those souls who has departed, along  with their families.   We are reminded of the lives that have tragically been lost to COVID- 19 by an exhibit that has been up on the Mall, up around the Washington  Monument. It is beautiful, really. There are little flags--small  flags--each of them white, each one representing one of the Americans  who has been lost to COVID-19 since it broke out just over a year and a  half ago. There are about 700,000 of those around the Washington  Monument. From a distance, it looks a little like snow.   I come from a State where there is usually snow at the top of  mountains. It looks familiar to me when I see what looks like snow from  a distance, but it is somber as I remember what they actually  represent.   If we want to talk about the loss of human life, we have to talk  about the loss of all human life, and we also have to talk about the  right of each individual to live and to continue living and to follow  the advice of medical doctors based on the individuals' own medical  conditions.   I sometimes find staggering the accusations that those who have  concerns with this are somehow committing a war on science. Against  which science? Who exactly is it that is against science--the science  that tells us that unborn human life can experience and respond to pain  in the womb in 15 or 20 weeks of gestational development?   What would it look like if we had a separate memorial with little red  flags instead of little white ones, each representing one of the human  lives lost every single year to abortion?  [[Page S6910]]    You see, every single year we lose about the same number of human  lives to abortion as we have lost to COVID since it first broke out. If  for the last 50 years we had a little red flag, each marking one of  those human lives lost, there would be a sea of red. It would take up  not just the grass all around the Washington Monument, which is large,  it would probably take up all the grass between the Capitol, the  Washington Monument, and the Lincoln Memorial. It would be a sea of  red.   So, no, no, you can't say that this is a war on science to be  concerned about individuals being able to make their own decision about  whether to get this vaccine.   If you want to accuse people on the other side of the aisle of doing  something, you have to stop and think about other decisions that we  make--other decisions that some are willing to defend, decisions that  involve a whole lot of human suffering and a whole lot of loss of a  whole lot of human lives.   I get that a lot of people disagree on these things, but the fact  that we disagree on them doesn't mean that they don't exist. It  certainly doesn't mean that we can stand by and watch as if a vestigial  legislative organ--as one single man steps into the shoes of 435  Representatives or 100 Senators--makes, as it were, a law that, on its  own, fails even to accommodate good-faith medical concerns backed up by  medical science.   It is too bad that we couldn't pass this simple law today. We could  have; we should have; I wish we would have. I will be back. This issue  isn't going away. Neither am I.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   