 Mr. President, I have come to the floor, on several  occasions now, to talk about this $1.9 trillion spending bill that will  be soon before this body.   I have talked about different parts of the bill on different  occasions. I have talked about the mandates, the bailouts, and the  billions and billions of dollars of spending completely unrelated to  coronavirus. Now, these are all reasons enough to oppose this piece of  legislation.   Today, I would like to talk about another problem that I see with the  bill,  [[Page S968]]  and that is that this bill would now subsidize health insurance far  beyond what was ever imagined when the House and the Senate passed the  Obama healthcare law--way beyond the subsidies ever envisioned in that.   One analysis shows that this bill would give a family of four making  close to a quarter million dollars a year--family of four making close  to a quarter million dollars a year--up to $9,000 in free subsidies for  healthcare.   Now, that is not four times the poverty level; that is almost four  times the average income of a household in the United States.   You know, government aid is supposed to be for those who need it,  people who can't make it on their own, but that has not been the focus  of the Democrats with this legislation.   This legislation is not about coronavirus, not about coronavirus  testing and vaccinations. They have already been paid for, so that  someone who wants to get a test or get the vaccine, they get it. It was  paid for previously. The vaccines are free. We don't need additional  money to pay for the shot. We voted on that last year. It is the law of  the land.   This new proposal, with these additional subsidies, is just going to  get us this much closer to one-size-fits-all, socialized medicine.   Now, Democrats have realized for many years that the Obama healthcare  law has failed America. They know it is unaffordable for working  families. People understand that the copays are so high, the  deductibles are so high that people who have been mandated to buy it  found that they didn't really get any value for their money.   Many people I have talked to said, with ObamaCare, the premiums were  so high it was actually higher than their mortgage at home.   Well, Republicans want to lower healthcare costs, actually the cost  of care. Democrats seem to just want to raise what government pays.   And Democrats are also trying to pressure States to expand Medicaid.  There are about a dozen States that have chosen not to expand Medicaid.   Now, I am a doctor. I know the importance of Medicaid. I know the  importance of providing care for people who cannot care for themselves.  Often, that is families, low-income families, pregnant women, patients  with disabilities. You look at the original intent of Medicaid--huge  value for the American people but not what they have seen with the  ObamaCare expansion.   We should work together for these most vulnerable of individuals so  that they can get the care that they need. Yet it is not what Democrats  are doing with this proposal, not with the additional subsidies, not  with the additional expansion of Medicaid. They are trying to bribe  States--bribe States to give free care to able-bodied, working adults;  not to people who were originally intended to be helped by Medicaid but  for able-bodied, working adults.   Those are people who ought to be getting their health insurance  through their job, through work. That is the best way this works for  them, insurance that they can use without these extraordinarily high  deductibles and copays that we see with ObamaCare. The contrast could  not be clearer.   Republicans are offering the American people a stronger economy and  opening schools. That is what we ought to be focusing on. Democrats and  the healthcare law are subsidizing health insurance for the rich. It is  astonishing. You wouldn't think it would be that way. It doesn't make  sense. It is not coronavirus relief.   People need relief now. They want their kids back in school. They  want to get back to work. They want to put the virus behind them. That  is not what I see in this $1.9 trillion bill that the Senate will soon  be considering.   I think only 1 dollar out of 11 of this $1.9 trillion bill actually  goes to help get people back to work, kids back to school, focuses on  the healthcare components of coronavirus.   The kids-back-to-school component, you say: Well, there is money to  put kids back to school, but 95 percent of that money doesn't even  start to get spent until 2022. The coronavirus crisis is going to be  behind us by 2022.   We should be working together, targeting support for the American  people who need it the most, not subsidizing people who don't actually  need the subsidies.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I would like to join my friend and  colleague from Oklahoma, as well as the Senator from Iowa, who has  previously spoken, and the Senator from Indiana in opposing the  Democrats' $1.9 trillion spending bill.   The Democrats want to call it the sixth coronavirus bill. In fact,  that is false. It is not a true statement because only about $1 out of  every $11 being spent on this monstrosity is really focused on  coronavirus health. The rest is a partisan liberal wish list that the  Democrats have wanted to pass for a long, long time--long before the  pandemic, long before anyone in this country had ever even heard of  coronavirus.   I remember President Obama's Chief of Staff, Rahm Emanuel, famously  said: ``Never let a good crisis go to waste.'' Well, that is what they  did under President Obama. They saw a crisis. They passed laws that had  nothing to do with what had caused it. And now here we are a dozen  years later. President Biden is in the White House, and he is using  that playbook once again.   President Biden's Chief of Staff calls this bill, the one coming to  the floor right now--he described this on MSNBC the other day as--``the  most progressive domestic legislation in a generation''--``the most  progressive domestic legislation in a generation.'' More progressive  than ObamaCare, more progressive than the Obama-Biden stimulus--that  doesn't sound like a coronavirus relief bill to me.   The White House Chief of Staff admits this isn't mainstream. This is  radical. And you know, he is absolutely right about that. In the House,  not a single Republican voted for this bill. Actually, Democrats joined  every Republican in opposing it.   President Biden ran for President as being mainstream, as being a  unifier. That is how he got to the Oval Office. But ever since then, it  has been scorched-earth partisanship every day since that time.   Last week, President Biden gave a speech about the bill. He talked  about Senate Republicans, those of us who are on the floor today and  coming up next. He said: ``What would they cut?''   I am very glad he asked. President Biden can start by cutting $350  billion of bailing out States and local governments. State tax revenues  are down less than 0.1 of a percent, as we just heard from the Senator  from Oklahoma. Most States actually have more tax revenue than before  the pandemic. Actually, 44 States have more tax revenue than before the  pandemic.   President Biden could cut the $85 billion that is earmarked for union  pension funds, to bail them out. This has nothing to do with  coronavirus. Unions have been mismanaging their members' money for  decades.   President Biden can cut the $4.5 billion for the New York City subway  system. He could cut $111 million for a subway system in Silicon Valley  for Nancy Pelosi, $270 million in funding for the arts and humanities.  He could cut $200 million from museums and libraries. That is not  coronavirus. He could cut $12 billion in foreign aid. He could cut $36  billion in subsidized health insurance for people making over $100,000  a year. It is a lot of income to additionally get health insurance  subsidies.   We all know President Biden loves Amtrak. Well, he could cut $1.5  billion in funding for Amtrak in this bill. That has nothing to do with  coronavirus. He could cut $1.5 million for the funding for the bridge  from New York to Canada. It is probably a pet project for the majority  leader.   To answer the President's question of what could we cut, we could cut  a lot. Thankfully, the Senate Parliamentarian already cut $67 billion  from the bill. That is how much Democrats' national wage mandate was  going to cost. Yet there is still a lot we can cut.   Here is the bottom line. The people of Wyoming, whom I visit with  every weekend while I am at home, don't want to live with wish lists.  They want to make sure they can stay at work, their kids can stay in  school, and they get the virus behind them.   When I say ``stay,'' that is because the kids in Wyoming have been in  school since last August, in spite of the fact that it seems like only  half the kids in America are back in school.  [[Page S985]]    You can either get to yes or you can get to no. And the people in  Wyoming wanted to get to yes when it came to getting kids back to  school. What we see President Biden doing is saying yes to the teachers  union. He has paid the ransom note, and this is the money being paid to  them, not to get our kids to school but to keep the teachers unions  happy.   I believe teachers want to get kids back to school. Teachers want to  teach, but not the unions who pull the strings and are certainly  pulling the strings of Joe Biden in the White House.   Working families don't want politicians to exploit a crisis for  political gains. They want to protect their physical health and their  financial health and well-being. So it is time to stop trying to  exploit a crisis, which is what I see every Democrat doing. Let's give  the American people what they really need all across the country-- getting back to work, getting kids back to school who aren't there  already, and putting the disease behind us.   I yield the floor   