 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the National  Defense Authorization Act (NDDA) and my bipartisan amendment which  authorizes an increase of five million dollars for a pancreatic cancer  early detection initiative (EDI) at the Department of Defense (DoD). I  thank my colleagues, Rep. Eshoo and Rep. McKinley, for their support  and leadership on this issue. Pancreatic cancer has the lowest survival  rate of all major cancers--in large part due to lack of research in  early detection. I believe we all agree that the patients, families,  friends and loved ones suffering from this disease deserve greater  support.   My amendment will provide critical funding needed for more research  and an early detection initiative (EDI) under the Congressionally  Directed Medical Research Programs (CDMRP) at DoD. I am pleased that  the Appropriations Defense Subcommittee has already appropriated  fifteen million dollars for general pancreatic cancer research funding  in this year's funding legislation. While encouraging, we need to  continue doing more.   This issue has hit painfully close to home recently, as America lost  giants to pancreatic cancer. Rep. John Lewis, our civil rights hero,  passed away from pancreatic cancer only seven months after receiving  his diagnosis. My good friend and colleague, Rep. Alcee Hastings, also  passed from pancreatic cancer earlier this year. And, Americans lost a  fighter for voting rights and women's protection, Justice Ruth Bader  Ginsburg, to this deadly disease. We have lost too many loved ones and  must do everything we can to save lives. It is unacceptable that,  despite being the third leading cause of cancer-related death in our  country, pancreatic cancer still does not have a dedicated early  detection initiative. In fact, the lack of research in ways to detect  pancreatic cancer early has led to devastating consequences: sixty-six  percent of patients live less than one year following their diagnosis.   If diagnosed early, the five-year survival rate for pancreatic cancer  patients is above eighty percent. However, if pancreatic cancer is  detected late, the five-year survival rate drops to less than five  percent. By failing to support our nation's researchers with the means  to find new ways to detect pancreatic cancer early, we are leaving  America's pancreatic cancer patients with few ways to detect this  disease in time to extend the quality and duration of their lives.   It's important to note that persistent health care inequities and  disparities for communities of color compound the devastation of  pancreatic cancer and the effects of lack of early detection research.  Unfortunately, Black people are more likely than their fellow Americans  to get pancreatic cancer. In fact, the incidence rate for pancreatic  cancer among Black Americans is twenty percent higher than any other  racial demographic. This disease is more deadly for us: the pancreatic  cancer death rate is seventeen percent higher for Black men than white  men. Significant evidence demonstrates that these disproportionate  levels of  [[Page H4935]]  pancreatic cancer are in large part rooted in disparities in health  care and access to tests and diagnostics. As a result, the lack of  pancreatic cancer early detection research accelerates the racial  unfairness in our health care system, with devastating consequences for  minorities.   At a time when our country is having a national conversation about  the deep disparities in access to health care for Black and Brown  people during a global pandemic, Congress must do everything within our  power to improve health outcomes through research and treatment.  Providing dedicated funding for early detection research at DoD will  help fill a critical gap in our pancreatic cancer research and will  help address the pancreatic cancer disparities for communities of  color.   I urge the House to support this amendment.   