 Madam President, I rise today to talk about how Congress  can work together in a bipartisan way to pass infrastructure  legislation, following my colleagues from Ohio, from Wyoming, from  Iowa--and my colleague from North Carolina is here as well--with a real  desire to come up with an infrastructure package, but we want it to be  bipartisan.   Republicans and Democrats agree that investing in our national  infrastructure is necessary to increase economic growth, ensure global  competitiveness of American businesses, and create new, high-paying  jobs. In fact, just last Congress, the Senate Environment and Public  Works Committee unanimously approved a 5-year surface transportation  reauthorization bill, which included about $300 billion for roads and  bridges. That actually represents a 27-percent increase over the FAST  Act. We really feel that bill, with its bipartisan support, creates a  starting point--a starting point on a bipartisan basis--for the  negotiations that we should have in developing the infrastructure  package.   Tonight we expect the President will outline his American Jobs Plan,  but unfortunately it is not focused on infrastructure. It is a massive,  $2.25 trillion tax-and-spend bill that dedicates less than one-third,  just over $600 billion, toward actual traditional infrastructure.   The administration's plan would increase the corporate tax from 21  percent to 28 percent, resulting in reduced wages, increased costs for  consumers, and a reduction in economic growth.   The Biden plan would revert the U.S. tax system to a worldwide tax  system, increasing taxes on U.S. multinational corporations, reducing  the competitiveness of American businesses, and driving U.S. jobs and  profits to other countries. The 2017 tax bill brought the United States  into a territorial tax system for the taxation of multinational  companies. It has worked. From 1985 to 2017, 85 U.S.-based  multinational corporations took advantage of corporate inversions,  resulting in a $19.5 billion tax revenue loss to the U.S. Government.  Since the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, there have been no corporate  inversions. The Biden plan would abandon this successful approach.   Further, the administration has proposed a $35 billion tax increase  on U.S. energy producers, endangering U.S. energy independence, costing  U.S. jobs, and empowering foreign energy production. A recent study  from the National Association of Manufacturers shows that nearly 1  million jobs would be lost in the first 2 years alone if this tax  increase goes through.   Tonight we expect to hear from President Biden on additional  proposals to increase taxes on American workers as well as increase our  debt and deficit. For instance, we have seen reports today that the  President is going to seek to repeal stepped-up basis. Now, while the  administration indicates there may be some exceptions, repealing  stepped-up basis would place a significant and complex tax burden on  small businesses and particularly family farms and ranches, not only in  my State of North Dakota but across the country.   Right now, the average age of our farmers in America is about 60  years old, and we need to get the next generation into farming, but  they can't do it if they have to sell the farm to pay the tax.   A repeal of stepped-up basis would increase the cost of capital,  discourage investment, reduce the wages of workers, and stunt economic  growth in both the immediate and long term. A recent analysis from  Ernst & Young shows that eliminating stepped-up basis will result in  the loss of 80,000 jobs a year for the next 10 years and a loss of  nearly $10 billion in GDP growth per year.   While we continue to emerge from the COVID-19 pandemic, we should not  be constraining economic growth by increasing taxes and regulation.  Instead, we should maintain the pro-growth, low-tax regime put in place  in 2017 by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and make targeted investments in  traditional infrastructure, while reducing regulatory barriers to  provide long-term certainty to Americans.   Last week, I met with President Biden at the White House to share  this very message--that Republicans stand ready to work with the  administration and our Democrat colleagues on the infrastructure  package, in a bipartisan and targeted manner, focusing on updating our  roads, bridges, railways, airports, broadband, and other traditional  infrastructure.   We also support investing in energy infrastructure, including  enhancing the 45Q tax credit to accelerate the deployment of carbon  capture and sequestration technology, as well as pipelines to provide  the safe and efficient transportation of our natural resources.   We should be working together for the American people to enact  policies that will improve our national infrastructure. To this end, I  want to highlight a number of bipartisan proposals that I have been  working on with my colleagues across the aisle.   I have introduced bipartisan legislation with Senator Smith, Senator  Capito, Senator Whitehouse, and others to enhance the 45Q tax credit  for carbon capture and sequestration.   Also, Senator Smith and I have legislation that would empower rural  electric and telecom cooperatives to refinance existing debt, reinvest  in improved energy efficiency, and expand broadband delivery to more of  their rural customers.   Likewise, Senate Finance Committee Chairman Wyden and I have  introduced a bill that would encourage private investment in  infrastructure by expanding private activity bonds and creating a new  infrastructure tax credit.   Additionally, I have introduced legislation with Senator Bennet that  ensures that our farmers, ranchers, and producers have the regulatory  flexibility needed to safely and efficiently move their products-- livestock, in particular--to market while ensuring the safety of all  road users.   We don't need to burden hard-working Americans with increased taxes  in order to pay for this. There are a number of potential options to  provide the necessary revenue for a targeted infrastructure package.  For example, we can make modest changes to our user-fee-based highway  trust fund system, ensuring that electric vehicles pay into the fund.  We can repurpose unused Federal spending, including using funds from  the recent American Rescue Plan Act. We could also use revenue  generated from energy production on Federal lands. These are just a few  of the ideas we put forward.   Last week, Ranking Member Capito of the Environment and Public Works  Committee, along with the ranking members of the Banking, Commerce,  Energy, and Finance Committees, unveiled the framework of an almost  $600 billion infrastructure package, which focuses investment in  traditional infrastructure.   We should use this framework and begin working through regular order  in a committee-driven process to produce a bipartisan, targeted  infrastructure bill that does not increase taxes on American workers.  That way, we truly upgrade our infrastructure, create jobs, and keep  our economy growing.   That is the right approach. We need to work in a bipartisan manner to  get it done.   And with that, I yield the floor.   