 Madam Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman  from Maryland for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield  myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, the rule before us today provides for consideration of  three pieces of legislation.   The first bill, H.R. 1333, limits the President's existing authority  to restrict entry of foreigners into the United States.   Border Patrol is encountering more than 5,500 individuals per day at  our southern border. Let me say that again. They are encountering 5,500  individuals per day at the southern border.   Over the weekend, President Biden finally acknowledged the situation  for what it is--not a challenge but a crisis. Yet, House Democrats are  moving forward with a bill that does nothing to stop the surge of  migrants at the southern border and, instead, actually weakens our  national security.   Along the same lines, House Resolution 330 provides for consideration  of H.R. 1573, which requires access to counsel for all travelers  referred to a secondary inspection at airports and other ports of  entry.   Again, this bill does nothing to address the Biden border crisis. It  would  [[Page H1970]]  actually complicate the job of Border Patrol agents while costing  taxpayers $825 million over the next 5 years.   With a 233 percent increase in fentanyl seizures at our southern  border, it is a shame that my liberal colleagues across the aisle are  actually creating more work for Border Patrol. Instead, we should  provide these brave men and women with much-needed resources to address  the national security and public health consequences of the Biden  border crisis.   Lastly, this resolution makes in order H.R. 51, legislation admitting  the present District of Columbia as the 51st State and authorizing  special elections for two Senators and one Representative.   This is nothing more than an unconstitutional power grab by Democrats  to gain two ultraprogressive D.C. Senate seats and force radical, far- left policies on the American people.   Our Founding Fathers never intended for D.C. to become a State. In  Federalist No. 43, James Madison argued that if the Capital City were  situated within a State, the Federal Government would be subject to  undue influence by the host State. As such, Article I, Section 8,  Clause 17 of the U.S. Constitution establishes a neutral district for  our Nation's representatives to meet and vote on equal ground.   Further, the 23rd Amendment grants three Presidential electors  specifically for the District. The original meaning of the ``district''  in the Constitution, and the necessary repeal of the 23rd Amendment,  requires an amendment to the Constitution in order for D.C. to even  become a State.   Just don't take my word for it, though. Since 1963, every Justice  Department, Republican and Democrat, that has addressed the issue of  D.C. statehood has concluded that Congress does not have the authority  to alter the status of the city legislatively.   Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy thought it was inconceivable that  D.C. would be granted statehood without repealing the 23rd Amendment  and that the result would ``produce an absurdity.'' Again, those are  the words of RFK.   Finally, the legislation before us today does nothing to address the  financial implications of D.C. statehood. According to a 2020 study,  D.C. ranked 150th out of 150 of the largest cities for its lack of  operating efficiency--150 out of 150.   The Federal Government provides billions of dollars to D.C. each year  for everything from the judicial system to the pension system. Yet,  House Democrats are so desperate to jam this measure through that,  under H.R. 51, the Federal Government will remain responsible for  funding many of the new State's functions.   There is absolutely no incentive for the new State to work toward  financial self-sufficiency, meaning Americans in other States would be  forced to fund D.C. Democrats' priorities.   Again, House Democrats are pushing ahead to admit a new State to the  Union purely for partisan gain while ignoring the constitutional,  practical, and legal challenges in doing so. That is why I urge my  colleagues to oppose this rule.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, my colleague may have said that these are merely my  assertions. They are certainly my arguments, but they are also  supported by others, particularly well-known members of the liberal  party.   The former Mayor of D.C. himself, Mayor Walter Washington, said: ``I  would have problems with statehood in terms of exacting from it some  enclaves, or little enclaves all around the city. Ultimately, it seems  to me that would erode the very fabric of the city itself and the  viability of the city.''   Again, that was the former Mayor of Washington, D.C., who was talking  about the enclaves that are being called for in this bill.   Additionally, the former D.C. Delegate Walter Fauntroy himself said  that a bill like this would be in direct defiance of the prescription  of the Founding Fathers.   As far as the constitutional argument, it is not just me making the  assertion that this would be unconstitutional because there is an  issue, and that is the 23rd Amendment. Don't take it from me. Look at  the Carter administration DOJ. They said that to provide statehood for  the District would have to be by constitutional amendment. Otherwise,  it would ignore the Framer's intent.   John Harmon, Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal  Counsel during the Carter administration, said that this would have to  be accomplished through constitutional amendment.   Further, RFK, Robert Kennedy, said that Congress likely did not have  the authority under Article I, Section 8, clause 17 to shrink the  Federal district to essentially the same size that is being discussed.   The argument that the Federal district constituting the seat of  government is a permanent part of our constitutional system is  substantially strengthened by the adoption of the 23rd Amendment.  Thinking that we can merely repeal an amendment through legislative  action, that is not how the Constitution works; otherwise, you wouldn't  have had the 21st Amendment, which was needed to repeal the 18th  Amendment. We could have just merely repealed it.   Additionally, there are talks about this not being a political  exercise. My colleague has been quoted, actually, in The Washington  Post saying that ``there is a national political logic for it''--``it''  being D.C. statehood. Because the Senate has become the principal  obstacle to social progress on a whole range of issues--not my words;  my colleague's words--this issue is all about a power grab.   We are talking about another issue that is on this rule, immigration.   Madam Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an  amendment to the rule to immediately consider H.R. 2321, the Border  Surge Response and Resilience Act. For far too long, Democrats denied  the crisis caused by Biden's open-border rhetoric. This bipartisan bill  will ensure that DHS develops a plan and has the resources it needs to  address migrant surges and secure our border. Something is clearly  missing from the current administration.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with any extraneous material,  immediately prior to the vote on the previous question.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume  to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Katko), the lead Republican on the  House Committee on Homeland Security, my good friend and colleague,  here to explain the amendment.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, we hear a lot about no taxation without  representation. But there is representation. We forget that D.C. has  three electoral votes. That is the 23rd Amendment. They have a Delegate  in Congress. They also have local government and a mayor. They have the  Home Rule Act.   But taxation does bring up a serious issue because D.C. would need to  raise taxes if it were to become a State. It simply is not self- sufficient economically. In fact, D.C. takes more from the Federal  Government than any other area in the United States; $73,000 per  capita, to be exact. That is astronomical when you think about it. The  second highest State is Virginia at $16,000 per capita, followed by  Maryland at $15,000 per capita. Again, D.C. takes $73,000 per capita.   If this were to go through, D.C. would need to raise revenue. Because  of the massive amount of Federal land in the District, you would then  have to have more taxation, presumably through two ways: One, a  commuter tax, taxing people that come into the District from other  areas; or, two, you would have to have tolling of roads leading into  the District. Both of these are incredibly problematic.   The first one, a commuter tax, would actually create the problem my  liberal colleagues are saying exists in the first place, no taxation  without representation, because you would have the District of Columbia  taxing people from, presumably, Virginia, Maryland, West Virginia,  where have you, for commuting into the District. They wouldn't have  representation here. That is actually taxation without representation.   Further, if you were to toll roads leading into the District, you  would infringe upon people's constitutional rights to petition the  government. Imagine how much a tour bus would have to pay if they  wanted to come here in the District.   But I was talking about the Home Rule Act and I was talking about the  23rd Amendment, and it reminded me that there was an allegation that  Republicans somehow don't care about this issue. It is actually the  opposite. Republicans are the ones who have advanced more rights for  the District of Columbia. Think about it.   It was actually the Kennedy and the Carter administrations, both  their Departments of Justice concluded that, for D.C. to be a State, it  would require a constitutional amendment. They were on our side of this  argument. Historically, it was President Eisenhower who pushed through  the 23rd Amendment to get D.C. three electoral votes. And just a side  note, it was Republican, Prescott Bush, grandfather of George W. Bush,  who was instrumental in passing the 23rd Amendment. They were both  Republicans. And it was President Nixon who signed the Home Rule Act  into law. This has been Republican-led since the very beginning.   There was also an argument about D.C. residents, that this is somehow  a civil rights issue. Civil rights, that is an actual term of art.  Civil rights is a violation when the rights are denied because a person  is who the person is. D.C. residents don't have a lack of  representation in Congress because of who they are, but, instead, of  where they choose to live.   And this isn't just me making this argument. The late Democrat,  Representative John Dingell, made a similar argument, and I will quote  the late Representative Dingell: ``I have supported every single civil  rights measure that has passed this Congress since 1955, but we have to  look at the facts before us. No citizen in Washington, D.C., is chained  to the pillars of the U.S. Capitol. They can leave any time they want.  To say this is somehow a civil rights violation is insulting to actual  civil rights violations.''    Then let's go back to the three electoral votes issue. If we do  follow this course of action and not repeal the 23rd Amendment before  enacting D.C. statehood, you are going to have, as my colleague from  Maryland just admitted, a sloppy and messy situation where the new  State gets three electoral votes, and then the Federal enclave gets  three electoral votes.   Well, who lives in the Federal enclave?   It would be the First Family.   So you would, presumably, give the incumbent three electoral votes in  the election, and then D.C. itself three electoral votes.   Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Oklahoma  (Mrs. Bice).    Madam Speaker, there was talk about retrocession.  There can be arguments that the former retrocession was actually  unconstitutional. In fact, the House of Representatives tried to pass a  bill to say just that. It passed, and it, unfortunately, sat in the  Senate Judiciary Committee without passing and challenges to the  Supreme Court were dismissed on procedural grounds.   Additionally, we have to remember the many reasons why the District  is just that, a district. It is because the Founding Fathers did not  want to create an imperial State that would have too much influence and  control over the Capitol.   My colleague from Maryland actually wrote about this in 1990 in a law  review article published in the Catholic University Law Review. ``The  Representatives from the new State, likely living minutes from their  offices, will theoretically devote more time to institutional and  committee politics and less to constant travel back and forth across  the country, increasing their importance and influence on Capitol  Hill.''   That was my colleague from Maryland. That is not my assertion.   If D.C. does become a State, Madam Speaker, you will create almost by  definition a super Congressman in this body and two super Senators that  yield much more influence than others who have to travel back and forth  to their district.   Madam Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the  gentlewoman from Arizona (Mrs. Lesko).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Madam Speaker, it is interesting to hear my colleague from Maryland's  newfound positions because, in the 1990s, I believe the majority leader  actually had the opposite viewpoint and took the opposite vote. But  then again, things can change, and so can opinions.   It is also interesting to hear my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle use D.C.'s population as some justification for D.C. statehood.  We know that the Founding Fathers knew that D.C. would grow into a  large metropolis.   George Washington, when he was laying out the land use of the city,  he actually used Paris as the example for the city, which was at the  time 800,000 residents. They used one of the biggest cities in Europe  as an example of the city because they knew the District of Columbia  would grow into a thriving metropolis. Yet, they still wanted to carve  out D.C. as an independent district, not as a State. The argument that  there are now some 700,000 residents of D.C. is a nonstarter if you are  going back to the historical intent of the Founding Fathers.   But let's talk about the border crisis. There has been a 400 percent  increase in illegal border crossings compared to March 2020. Yet,  today, we are considering a rule bringing up two immigration bills that  do absolutely nothing to address this crisis.   Again, we are calling up a rule on H.R. 51 that is the Democrat's  unconstitutional attempt to ram through D.C. statehood for their own  political gain. What is that gain? It is very simple. It is bringing in  two ultraliberal Senators. D.C. is the most liberal city, second only  to San Francisco, and this bill bringing two ultraliberal Senators into  the Senate with the idea of abolishing the filibuster is to what end?  To pack the Supreme Court to ram through a far-left, radical agenda.  [[Page H1976]]    For those reasons, Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no''  on the previous question and ``no'' on the underlying measure. I yield  back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   