 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana, my  good friend, the whip of the Republican Party here in the House, for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3919, the Secure  Equipment Act of 2021, which was introduced by Representatives Scalise  and Eshoo.   This bill takes an important step to strengthen the security of our  communications network from bad actors like Huawei. The Communist  Chinese Party and its allies have been working for years to find ways  to access American networks and enter our markets. Our national  security agencies agree that Huawei and other untrusted vendors pose an  unacceptable risk to our national security. Today, we are sending  another strong signal that America will hold China accountable.   Last Congress, we passed the Secure and Trusted Communications Act  into law, which took a great first step to secure our networks by  prohibiting Federal funds to be used to purchase untrusted equipment  and services, still allowing untrusted vendors to enter our market if  purchased by private dollars.   H.R. 3919 would strengthen our national security and close this  loophole by prohibiting the FCC from licensing any communication  equipment by an entity on the Commission's covered list, regardless of  whether it was bought using public dollars.   It is critical that we work to stay one step ahead of our  adversaries, and this bill would advance our security as 5G is deployed  across the country.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, again, I rise today in support of H.R. 4032, the Open  RAN Outreach Act, which was introduced by Representatives Allred,  Guthrie, O'Halleran, and Hudson.   Open RAN compatible technology will play an important role as  communications networks evolve over the coming decade. While most  networks today are limited to integrated systems provided by one or two  vendors, the deployment of Open RAN compatible technology will  encourage innovation, competition, and new entrants in the  communications marketplace.   By encouraging a robust market for Open RAN compatible technology,  the cost of trusted equipment is expected to decrease over time. These  lower costs will help smaller wireless providers deploy mobile  broadband cost effectively without having to turn to untrusted vendors  like Huawei.   As small, and often rural, providers upgrade to 5G and replace  untrusted Huawei or ZTE equipment, we must keep in mind the difficulty  these providers may have in taking advantage of some of the programs  offered in Washington.   H.R. 4032 would require NTIA to conduct outreach and technical  assistance to these small and rural providers to make sure they have  the information necessary if they choose to take advantage of Open RAN  compatible technologies.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Guthrie).    Madam Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I yield  myself the balance of my time to close.   Madam Speaker, I know we had the hearing on Open RAN in committee,  and I heard the testimony that day, and how we can expand our networks  across the country is absolutely essential. As we know, as we go into  the different types of technologies, we are going to need as much as we  possibly can, and so this bill is going to help.   Madam Speaker, I appreciate the sponsors for bringing it before us  today. I urge support of the legislation, and I yield back the balance  of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4067, the  Communications Security Advisory Act of 2021, which was introduced by  Representatives Walberg, Slotkin, and Schrader.   This bill takes an important step in preserving and strengthening the  FCC's existing Communications Security, Reliability, and  Interoperability Council, or CSRIC, which plays an important role  facilitating collaboration between the private sector and the FCC.   CSRIC maintains an important role that ensures our emergency alerting  system and 911 systems remain reliable in times of emergency. CSRIC has  also adopted voluntary recommendations to improve wireless security.  These efforts have focused on how best to plan for and address  vulnerabilities in 5G networks.   Together, technical experts from across different parts of the  communications industry leverage their decades of experience to help  advance continued U.S. technological leadership and sound policymaking.  CSRIC's support of these important FCC missions will only become more  important as we continue to deploy 5G, next-generation television, and  other wireless technologies.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Walberg).    Madam Speaker, that was my last speaker.   Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close.   Madam Speaker, I think what we are seeing today, we have a theme,  especially coming from the Energy and Commerce Committee's  Communications and Technology Subcommittee that we are talking about  security, reliability, and interoperability of our systems out there  and the importance of it.   As we look back over the last year and a half, where would we have  been if we didn't have the systems that we had to make sure as we went  through COVID for everything from telehealth to education to  manufacturing to business and people just communicating back and forth  with one another, but we have to make sure these systems are secure.   Madam Speaker, this legislation will help that. I urge support of the  House on the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4028, the Information  and Communication Technology Strategy Act, which was introduced by  Representatives Long, Carter, Spanberger, and McNerney.   For decades, U.S. companies and their trusted partners have been at  the forefront of wireless technology innovation. We led the world in  developing 4G, and we are now in the process of deploying and refining  5G technology. While this work continues, we must ensure supply chain  security is at the forefront.   China and other adversaries have made a concerted effort to dominate  critical components of the communication supply chain. We have already  seen how bad actors like China are trying to seed their equipment  across the globe, create technological dependencies, and steal  sensitive data to advance their own interests.   This bill, H.R. 4028, would direct the National Telecommunications  and Information Administration, NTIA, to study the economic  competitiveness of trusted information and communications technology  vendors. NTIA would be charged with leading a whole-of-government  strategy to ensure the economic competitiveness of trusted vendors and  prevent us from being dependent on companies controlled by the Chinese  Communist Party.   Only with a comprehensive understanding of the problems we face,  along with the strategy to address these problems, will we be able to  secure our networks and ensure continued U.S. leadership.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Missouri (Mr. Long), the sponsor of this legislation.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Carter).    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close.   As we have heard from our speakers today, it is absolutely essential  that the United States leads when we are talking about  telecommunication services and the supply chain because it is  absolutely essential for national security.   I urge passage of the legislation in the House, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   