 Mr. President, you know, it is no secret that I  oppose President Biden's tax proposal. I think it is bad policy that  would undercut growth and derail American prosperity.   But one of the worst parts of the President's plan is the provision  requiring financial institutions to report their customer's  transactions of $600 or greater to the IRS.   That means anytime an American pays a bill, makes a deposit,  transfers funds, or makes a purchase of $600 or more, their bank,  credit union, or financial institution would be forced to report that  data to the IRS.   Opposition to this proposal is deep and bipartisan. I don't care if  you are a  [[Page S6957]]  Republican, Democrat, or Independent. No one wants the IRS looking over  their shoulder every time they make a financial transaction. The IRS  doesn't efficiently use the data it collects now.   Why in the world would we give them more information?   If the IRS has reason to believe you are not paying all that you owe  in taxes, they have the ability to audit you. They don't need any more  private financial data on any of us. The bulk of the data collection  they are proposing will do nothing to close the so-called tax gap. All  it does is violate the liberty of every freedom-loving American who  values their financial property.   The proposal would dramatically increase IRS audits of working  Americans. The overwhelming majority of people the IRS would look into  as a result of this policy would not have done a single thing wrong,  but when the IRS starts snooping, it will cost you big money. That  means hiring a high-priced attorney/accountant who will bleed you dry.   President Biden claims his proposal would only impact the rich, but  middle-class families are the ones who will ultimately pay the price.   Additionally, the IRS has a history of data security failures. Just  earlier this year, the confidential tax information of over a dozen  well-known Americans leaked from the Agency and was published in the  press. That was unacceptable and unlawful, but nothing was done to hold  the IRS accountable.   But this is, unfortunately, nothing new. Under President Biden's  watch, when he was Vice President, conservative groups and individuals  were targeted for aggressive audits. And as recently as this year, a  Texas-based charity was denied tax-exempt status because the IRS  considered the charity too close to Republicans and too close to  Christianity.   Folks, that is pitiful.   Providing the IRS with massive amounts of financial-transaction data  will only make it easier for them to target groups or individuals they  disagree with. If anything, we need to be reining in the IRS and  holding officials accountable who go after taxpayers for political  reasons.   The outcry from voters has been strong and swift. Some of my Democrat  colleagues are feeling the heat from their constituents and are  starting to walk back the President's proposal. The American people  have them on the run.   Democrats in Congress are talking about only requiring transactions  of only $10,000 or more to be reported to the IRS. While fewer  Americans would be directly impacted by this threshold, we would still  feel the broader, negative effects.   That being said, on Tuesday of this week, Treasury Secretary Janet  Yellen, the President's top economic adviser, defended the Biden plan  and doubled down on the $600 IRS proposal.   Regardless of whether Democrats settle on $600 or $10,000 threshold,  every American would suffer. That is because our community banks and  credit unions will be overwhelmed--I mean overwhelmed--with a tidal  wave of compliance data. Small banks and credit unions won't be able to  afford to hire the staff that they are going to need, forcing them to  close their doors in a lot of rural and minority areas.   And for Americans, including many minorities, living in rural  communities across the country, these small banks and credit unions are  a focal point for the community. They provide the money folks need to  buy their first home or car; they fuel the economic development,  provide good-paying jobs, and pump resources back into these rural  communities.   If these community banks and credit unions close, it would cut off  access to capital for millions of Americans in communities. They would  suffer. Livelihoods would be destroyed.   That is why I, along with my colleague from Florida, Senator Rick  Scott, have introduced a bill prohibiting the IRS from creating,  implementing, or administering a financial reporting regime that would  require financial institutions or individuals to report data or  financial transactions or account balances to the IRS.   To be clear, my legislation does not touch the Bank Secrecy Act or  any of the regulations either implemented or issued under that act.   My bill has been endorsed by the American Bankers Association, the  Independent Community Bankers of America, the National Association of  Federally-Insured Credit Unions, the Credit Union National Association,  the Heritage Action for America, the League of Southeastern Credit  Unions, and the Alabama Bankers Association. These organizations and  their members know that if President Biden's proposal goes through,  banking, as we know it, will end.   At this time, I would like to yield the floor to my distinguished  colleague from Florida, Mr. Scott.    Mr. President.    I would like to yield the floor to my distinguished  colleague from Indiana, Senator Braun.    Mr. President.    Mr. President, I want to thank Senator Braun and  Senator Scott again for supporting this bill.   I am proud to partner with him in this effort to safeguard the  financial privacy of American citizens.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 2953,  which is at the desk. I further ask that the bill be considered read a  third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, this is a simple two-page bill that  will protect every American from an invasion of privacy by Big Brother  Government IRS. I am sorry to see that my Democratic colleagues oppose  protecting the financial privacy of American taxpayers. That is a real  shame.   I think you would be hard-pressed to find a Member of the U.S. Senate  who can honestly say that a majority of their constituents support  President Biden's proposal for the IRS to monitor a $600 or more  transaction. I don't think you could find one.   We ought to be able to stand up together, in a bipartisan fashion, to  reject this radical proposal. I am confident that the American people  will continue to put pressure on their elected representatives to  reject this plan. I will work with my colleagues to address legitimate  concerns, though I suspect there are none, and any position is going to  be purely political.   Americans across the country can count on Senator Scott and myself to  keep up the fight of this important issue.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   