 Mr. President, I rise to express my support for the fiscal  year 2022 National Defense Authorization Act. I am pleased, as we all  are, that we will be voting soon on passage.   I would like to thank Ranking Member Inhofe for his leadership and  his thoughtfulness on this bill. He has been an excellent partner  throughout this whole process.   Our Nation faces an enormous range of security challenges, and it is  more important than ever that we provide our military men and women  with the support they need to keep Americans safe.   To that end, this bill makes great progress. It addresses a broad  range of pressing issues, from strategic competition with China and  Russia, to disruptive technologies like hypersonics, AI, and quantum  computing, to modernizing our ships, aircraft, and vehicles. It  provides our servicemembers with the resources and support they need to  defend our Nation, while at the same taking care of their families.   Importantly, this bill authorizes a well-deserved 2.7-percent pay  raise for both military members and the DOD civilian workforce. It also  increases parental leave to 12 weeks for all servicemembers and creates  a new 2-week bereavement leave benefit for both military and Federal  civilian employees.   I want to especially note that this bill includes historic, sweeping  reforms to the Uniform Code of Military Justice and how the military  investigates and prosecutes sexual assault and other offenses,  including murder, manslaughter, kidnapping, and many other crimes. Just  as my Senate colleagues, the President's Independent Review Commission,  and survivors advocate groups have called for, this bill takes  prosecutorial power away from the chain of command for these cases. Our  bill creates ``special trial counsel,'' highly specialized prosecutors  who will have exclusive, binding, and final decision-making authority  over whether to prosecute these offenses. This is a sea change for the  military justice system, and I am grateful to my colleagues in both  Chambers and on both sides of the aisle for working together to achieve  this historic reform for the well-being of our military women and men.   Indeed, we listened to survivors, advocates, and experts because we  owe it to our servicemembers to get this policy right. The world is as  dangerous and complex as it has ever been. We depend on the military to  answer the call in these challenging times, and we owe it to them to  ensure the policies we enact on this matter and others preserves this  Nation's military power and cohesion. I respect those who might see  this matter differently, but this bill makes our country and our troops  more secure because we listened to advocates and experts to reach a  compromise with the House of Representatives.   This year's defense bill also makes excellent progress toward meeting  the challenges of long-term strategic competition with China and  Russia. It invests in the people, platforms, infrastructure, and game- changing technologies that will define the future. It extends and  modifies the Pacific Deterrence Initiative, or PDI, and reiterates the  Senate's intent to improve our force posture in the Indo-Pacific,  increase readiness and presence, and build the capabilities of our  partners and allies to counter the increasing aggression of China.   Similarly, this year's bill authorizes the continuation of the  European Deterrence Initiative, or EDI, in recognition of the vital  need to support our allies and partners in Europe as we work toward the  shared goals of deterring Russian aggression, addressing strategic  competition, and mitigating shared security concerns.   With respect to our services, we have taken steps to improve their  capabilities and their ability to fight and win. Across the Army, Navy,  Air Force, Marine Corps, and Space Force, this bill makes significant  efforts to improve the readiness of our aircraft, ships, vehicles,  missiles, and weapons systems. It authorizes significant increases in  military construction projects, modernizing our nuclear triad and  missile defense systems, and investing in cutting-edge technologies  such as artificial intelligence, microelectronics, advanced materials,  5G, and biotechnology.   And with regard to our withdrawal from Afghanistan, we must capture  the lessons of the last two decades to ensure that our future  counterterrorism efforts in Afghanistan and elsewhere continue to hold  violent extremists at bay. To that end, I am pleased that this bill  includes the Afghanistan War Commission Act, an amendment spearheaded  by Senator Duckworth.   This bill was originally crafted by the Armed Services Committee  after a series of thoughtful hearings, discussions, and debates on both  sides of the aisle. Through the committee markup process, we considered  more than 300 amendments and ultimately adopted 143 amendments. Senator  Inhofe and I introduced this bill to the full Senate with the intent of  adding more amendments on the floor. Although we were not able to come  to an agreement to debate and vote on several amendments on the floor,  we were ultimately able to adopt amendments from Senators on both sides  of the aisle in the final legislation.   Over the past several weeks, the Senate and House Armed Services  Committees have worked around the clock to come to an agreement on this  final version of this bill. I am proud of the improvements we made  throughout this process, and I was pleased to see the House vote last  week in an overwhelmingly bipartisan fashion, 363 to 70, to pass the  bill. We have produced a strong NDAA that both parties and both  chambers can support, and the President will be able to sign.   I would like to take this opportunity to recognize the phenomenal  staff who have made this bill possible. I want to specifically  recognize the director for the Democratic staff, Elizabeth King, and  the director for the Republican staff, John Wason. They have led their  staffs and collaborated admirably with bipartisanship, diligence, and  utmost professionalism.   I would also like to thank members of the Armed Services Committee  staff: Jody Bennett, Carolyn Chuhta, Jon Clark, Jenny Davis, Jonathan  Epstein, Jorie Feldman, Creighton Greene, Gary Leeling, Kirk McConnell,  Maggie McNamara Cooper, Bill Monahan, Mike Noblet, John Quirk, Andy  Scott, Arun Seraphin, Cole Stevens, Soleil Sykes, Keri Lyn Michalke,  Hailey Becker, Patrick Shilo, Alison Warner, Leah Brewer, Debbie  Chiarello, Joe Gallo,  [[Page S9175]]  Leslie Ashton, Cami Pease, Brittany Amador, Griffin Cannon, Nate Green,  Brandon Kasprick, Sofia Kamali, Tom Maggiacomo, and, once again, staff  director Elizabeth King.   From my personal office, I would like to thank Neil Campbell and  Elyse Wasch.   Also, let me thank the floor staff and the leadership staff. Gary  Myrick, Tricia Engle, Dan Tinsley, Brad Watt, Stephanie Paone, Nate  Oursler, Rachel Jackson, and Liza Patterson. You have been part of this  process for the last several weeks, and you have done a remarkable job.  We thank you for that very, very much.   I would like to thank Senator Inhofe again for his partnership  throughout this process, and I would thank Chairman Smith and Ranking  Member Rogers from the House Armed Services Committee for their  collaboration as well.   Finally, I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this excellent bill.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, the yeas and nays are requested.   