 Madam President, when I go back to my hometown of  Alabama, I usually ask the people: What is the most important to you?  Every day, what is the most important to you?   And, usually, there is a consensus of three things: a good job,  schools for their kids, and safe neighborhoods for their families. That  is always what they talk about.   You know, the fulfillment of these basic aspirations is a foundation  of a quality of life, the foundation of the American dream.   In my relatively short time up here, I have noticed people in this  building often lose sight of those three basic items. We waste time  bickering over things that, at the end of the day, don't much matter in  the grand scheme of things. We engage in bitter partisan commentary,  all in the hopes of scoring political points.   Folks back home can't relate to this because they don't have the  luxury to waste time on cheap talk.   We are witnessing a nationwide surge in crime as we speak. In the  last year, homicides have risen upwards of 30 percent--this is  unprecedented--and doubled the largest previous increase of 13 percent  since 1968.   There is always more than one factor to consider when analyzing crime  trends, but the effect of some Democrats' anti-police rhetoric has been  perfectly clear. Just take a look at what is happening across our  country as we speak.   For the last year, we have heard some Democrats at every level talk  about wanting to defund the police, take money away from them; we have  too many of them. In many cities they control, Democrats succeeded in  reducing policy budgets. They have been very successful. They have told  police to stop doing their jobs, to stop enforcing certain laws.   I have heard Democrats say that they want to replace cops with social  workers. You know, while I understand the well-intentioned desire to  address the root cause of crime, instead of just focusing on the  fallout, leaving our police underfunded and ill-equipped is not the  solution.    If someone is attempting to break into my house, I am not calling a  social worker to come perform an evaluation and to develop a treatment  for the assailant. I am not doing that.   Too often, we have seen elected officials take the side of radicals  burning property, looting small businesses, over the men and women who  wear the badge and have sworn to serve and protect our communities. And  now we are seeing the consequences all across the country.   As one report notes, in New York City, murders have increased 47  percent since 2020. Tickets and routine arrests dropped by 90 percent,  but requests for police intervention went up by 50 percent. But the  police won't go. They are not wanted.   Murders in Los Angeles this year are up 22 percent, and shootings are  up 59 percent. But arrests in Los Angeles have dropped 37 percent since  2020, and are down even more this year.   In Chicago, murders were up 33 percent this year. Last weekend alone,  12 people were killed and 63 more were shot--the latest in a string of  deadly weekends this summer. And carjackings in this city have tripled  in the last year.   Why would you buy a car in Chicago?   It is going to get stolen. It makes no sense.   In Minneapolis, where cries to defund the police are loudest, murders  are up 69 percent. It turns out that when protesters, activists,  mainstream media, and elected officials told cops they are not wanted,  it is not just the officers who heard them; criminals also were  listening. And the American people are paying the price.   Also, the defund rhetoric from the left is having a severely negative  effect on police morale--an ``all-time low,'' some officers say.  According to an NBC survey of 200 police departments, officer  retirements are up 45 percent and resignations are up 18 percent this  year.   Why would anybody get up and put a uniform on in the morning with a  badge on their chest and a gun on their side and go to work in this  climate of crime?   We have to take our hat off to the men and women who are actually  doing this and doing the best job they can.   Some police chiefs have had enough. The Chicago police superintendent  said their court system continued to release the violent criminals in  their jails, ``making us all less safe.''   The District of Columbia Police, right here in our hometown, said:  ``[We cannot continue to] coddle violent criminals.''   Amen. But the ugly truth is there is a deliberate attempt to coddle  these violent criminals, and it is bankrolled by the most radical  fringe in the Democratic Party.   District attorneys are the local public officials who determine  whether and how the government will prosecute criminals, from petty  theft to violent crime--district attorneys. There has been a big  movement to elect ultra-radical liberal district attorneys in big  cities across the country. They have succeeded in Philadelphia, San  Francisco, Boston, and just right across the river in Fairfax County,  VA.   These rogue prosecutors--and they are rogue--are refusing to  prosecute all sorts of crimes, like theft, disorderly conduct, and  trespassing.   Well, what is their job?   It is to prosecute. But not these prosecutors. This isn't just  opposing the men and women who wear the badge. These radical leftists  are opposing the very idea of enforcing the law. The prosecutor's job  is to enforce the laws that are written, not rewrite the laws on the  books. But these DAs are choosing to follow the law as they see fit.  They know better than anybody else, ignoring what the people's  representatives have passed.   In San Francisco, District Attorney Chesa Boudin said his office  wouldn't prosecute theft under $950. The result has been people robbing  stores in broad daylight. We have all seen it on TV, going in the  store, just grabbing all you can get and not running out the door, but  walking out the door. If the cops are called, they don't show up. They  know they are not going to do anything about these.   But probably the worst of all is in Boston. Rachael Rollins, elected  DA in Boston in 2018, released a list of crimes that her office would,  by default, move to dismiss when they came to court; we are not going  to prosecute these: trespassing; shoplifting; theft under $250;  disorderly conduct; drug possession with intent to distribute;  malicious destruction of property; breaking and entering, so long as  the defender was trying to sleep or escape the cold; resisting arrest.   And that is not even the entire list. What do they need a DA for?   So if a violent felon could steal $200 worth of goods, have large  amounts of drugs, break into someone's home, resist arrest--and the  DA's office would not even bother to prosecute these crimes. Makes a  lot of sense to me.   If all of that sounds crazy to you, you are right. But these are the  actual policies and the real-world effects.   And now Rollins, this same district attorney in Boston, who decided  she is just going to take a vacation than being a district attorney and  not try to convict anybody, this Ms. Rollins has been appointed by  President Biden to be the U.S. Attorney for Massachusetts. He is giving  the person who decriminalized resisting arrest and all these other laws  a promotion. That is from our President. I wonder what Federal crimes  she will decide aren't worth processing.   There is surely somebody in Boston who can do the job.   Yet President Biden is the only one saying Republicans are lying. He  said that just a couple of weeks ago about Democrats wanting to defund  the police. He said it is Republicans.   I will tell you what is also not helping to make our neighborhoods  safer: the growing crisis at our southern border--absolute shame. And  the Biden administration completely, completely lacks the urgency to  fix it, and it is getting worse every day. I guess nobody cares.   We have already surpassed 1 million illegal immigrants since  President Biden was inaugurated. And remember, this data is looking at  the illegal immigrants and the drugs that Customs  [[Page S5547]]  and Border Protection catches. We don't know how many have slipped by  or how many pounds of dope have slipped by. We just know the ones that  we have caught.   President Biden is only making matters worse, folks. As our  colleagues on the Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee  found, the Biden administration is spending $2 billion to not build a  wall. We are paying $2 billion. Taxpayers in this country are paying $2  billion to not build a wall. That is right. That is $3 million, every  day, of your taxpayer money wasted just to not build something that  would help fix this crisis.   The bare minimum we should expect to happen at the border would be to  make sure illegal immigrants we do apprehend have a court date so a  judge can review their asylum claim. I mean, that is common sense. But,  according to a recent report, 50,000 illegal immigrants have been  released into the United States in the last few months without a court  date. Yet only 13 percent of those have bothered to show back up--13  percent. We are going to trust them to come over here and just do it on  their own. That is not going to happen.   At best, this hurts those who come into this country actually looking  to plead their asylum case. Congress needs to pass my bill, S. 1007,  that would require the DHS to provide a notice to appear before  releasing the illegal immigrants into our country. It just makes common  sense. But, as we have seen, too many folks in charge don't have any  common sense when it comes to enforcing the law.   Everybody can see violent crime rising in big cities. They can see  the Biden administration turning a blind eye to a continually growing  catastrophe on the southern border. The American people are right to  question President Biden and the Democrats' commitment to the rule of  law, to question their commitment to keeping our citizens and  neighborhoods safe.   I am painting a pretty bleak picture here, but my job is to call it  like I see it. But there are things we in the Senate can do to make the  situation better. We can do things here, right in this room right here,  to make things better.   It starts with everybody fully supporting our law enforcement  because, if we don't, one day we are going to regret it. We need to  improve morale and recruit the best and brightest in our police forces  to keep our communities safe.   We should also empower all law enforcement to address the negative  effect at our border. This is the local and State police. The  Empowering Law Enforcement Act that I introduced would give them the  power to take over for ICE.   My bill would grant this and give them the authority to investigate  and identify an illegal immigrant who has entered the U.S., which we at  this moment don't have. If the Biden administration won't enforce the  law, let's give local and State law enforcement the opportunity to do  it.   Folks, wanting safe communities is something every American wants and  deserves. We elect public officials. We pay taxes and trust our  governments to ensure safety for the greatest number of people  possible.   It is pretty much impossible to have good jobs and good schools if  you don't have safe neighborhoods, and it doesn't take a rocket  scientist to see that. If the people don't feel safe, their government  and we as government officials have failed to perform its most basic  function. Failure of this is not an option.   So to reverse this rise in crime, let's support the very people who  have put their lives on the line every day. I certainly do, and I  encourage the President and Members of this body to support every  member of our law enforcement.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   