 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Bowman for organizing this  Special Order hour.   I like to describe the student loan debt crisis as a boot on the neck  of the American Dream and on the neck of millions of Americans who make  that American Dream a reality. And that is because higher education is  the one way that we achieve the American Dream. It is what I did.   I am the youngest of six of immigrant parents from Mexico. My two  parents never made it past third grade. Both could read but not really  write. One of the things that they knew is that coming here would give  me that opportunity to change my life. I was fortunate enough to be  born here. My brother Javier and I were born here, and I was one of the  first to graduate from college.   It allowed me to believe that I could do more, to believe I could be  part of this country, and about that American promise. You come here,  you believe in our values, you work hard, you give back, you are going  to have a place, and you are going to succeed; and the next generation,  your kids and your grandkids, are going to do even better.   I am fortunate. I got to go to a community college after I worked at  Subway and Target, and then I transferred to UCLA, graduated in the top  10 percent of my class. Then I got my master's of public policy  from Harvard University.    I ended up walking away with $15,000 in debt from undergrad, which  wasn't bad. I thought it was a lot of money. When you graduate, and you  are only getting paid $24,000 a year, it was a lot of money. And I  walked away with a little bit over $65,000 from the Kennedy School for  my master's degree. And don't forget, a lot of students also have  credit card debt on top of that.   But you know what, I am fortunate that I got to go to school. I am  fortunate that I have been able to change my life. I am fortunate that  I have been able to get jobs that provide me health insurance for the  first time in my family's history, and that my debt isn't as crippling  as the current generation's debt.   The current generation's debt after the Great Recession ballooned to  historic proportions. That is why you have trillions of dollars in  student loan debt on the backs of 47 million Americans.   You know what? These are dreamers; these are people who believe in  the American Dream, that say, you know what, I have been told, go to  school, work hard. And you know what, it doesn't matter, if you get  into the best school possible, take out that debt because it is going  to come back tenfold. In the past, that was the case.   But we don't see that now. We see that the debt that has been put on  the backs--because we underinvested in higher education, we  underinvested in K-12--is crippling people to living their version of  the American Dream.   It is so severe, and it pains me and it depresses me, that people are  actually are deciding, I would rather not go to college because I don't  want to have debt. Think about that. That is the decision people are  making now, I would rather not have the best opportunity to achieve the  American Dream because the amount of debt will prevent me from living  that American Dream once I graduate.   I think that is shameful because these are the folks that are  renewing this idea to live a more just and perfect Union, to refresh  that idea generation upon generation. And it is unfortunate because who  does it impact? It often impacts immigrants, people of color, Blacks,  Latinos, single mothers, single parents. They are the ones that are  taking on higher and higher burdens of debt.   Then when they graduate, they sometimes get jobs that don't pay them  that well because they want to give back. They care about their  communities. We saw in a recent New York Times article that graduates  from a school of social work were graduating with $112,000 in debt but  getting paid $50,000. This is something that we see time and time  again.   If people want to believe in the American Dream, then they have to  care about canceling student loan debt; to refresh the potential of  millions of Americans to buy their first house, to raise children, to  start a business, to grow our economy. I believe that this is something  that Americans from all sides of the aisle could agree on.   Madam Speaker, I am calling on the President to cancel $50,000 of  student loan debt in the next year.   