 Mr. President, it is an honor to be with my friend and  colleague Senator Cotton as we rise to honor Pea Ridge Police Officer  Kevin Apple, who was killed in the line of duty on Saturday, June 26.   He made the ultimate sacrifice while attempting to apprehend two  suspects who were fleeing from police. Although this was the last  example of his selfless service and dedication to protecting his  community, it was certainly not the only one.   Officer Apple bravely devoted his life to law enforcement and the  good that it can bring about. He worked tirelessly to uphold law and  order over the course of 23 years, serving several northwest Arkansas  communities, including Pea Ridge for the last 3 years. He was known to  consistently support others. The compassion he exhibited in and out of  uniform will be fondly remembered by those he helped.   ``He gave me hope again,'' one citizen remarked of Officer Apple.   Another individual commented that, as a result of Officer Apple, he  changed his life. Now, more than 20 years later, he maintains a deep  appreciation of the support he received from Officer Apple.   He did much more than serve and protect. The Pea Ridge police chief  said that Officer Apple put humanity in the job. For a police officer,  there is no higher compliment than that.   He was also known as a prankster. He was usually upbeat and lifted  the spirits of those around him with a smile that would light up a  room.   Friends, neighbors, and colleagues describe him as someone who cared  passionately about his role in supporting public safety and was more  concerned about lending a helping hand rather than writing tickets. He  was a loyal friend and leader who always put the needs of others above  his own.   Officer Apple leaves a legacy of lasting impact on all of those whose  lives he touched in his own unique way. Whether attending a child's  birthday party or checking on an elderly citizen, he went above and  beyond the call of duty and constantly showed his dedication to the  people he was sworn to protect.   My hope is the community's support will provide comfort to his  family, his friends, and brothers and sisters in blue. We can be very  proud of how northwest Arkansas has already bonded together to give  back to the Pea Ridge Police Department and this fallen law enforcement  officer's loved ones.   Officer Apple was the embodiment of what it means to wear a police  badge and uniform. His exemplary service and dedication to serving his  community are truly inspirational, and he leaves behind a worthy  example for other officers to imitate.   We all mourn the loss of Officer Apple and are deeply saddened by  this tragedy. I join with Arkansans in expressing our gratitude for his  service and sacrifice. I am honored to recognize his life with Senator  Cotton today and pray that his family and his colleagues and community  members know that he will forever be remembered as a hero.   With that, I yield to Senator Cotton   