 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Meeks and  Ranking Member McCaul for their support in bringing this resolution to  the floor today.   Last month, the Burmese military, Tatmadaw, staged a coup and quashed  Burma's fragile experiment with democracy.   Burma had struggled during that time to enfranchise its minority  population, and to respect their human rights. The genocide of the  Rohingya is perhaps the best known example, but it is far from the only  one.   In fact, when Burma's November 8, 2020, elections resulted in the  National League for Democracy winning an overwhelming victory and  securing enough seats in Parliament to form the next government, it was  notwithstanding the disenfranchisement of more than 1,500,000 voters,  mostly from ethnic minority communities in Kachin, Karen, Mon, Rakhine,  Shan, and Chin states.   The resolution before us today condemns the February 1st coup  unequivocally and calls on the Tatmadaw to free all those they have  detained arbitrarily and return members of the civilian government to  power.   We are considering this resolution at a critical time. More than  2,100 people have been arrested, charged, or sentenced in relation to  the coup. The military and police have been ordered to fire on  protesters. More than 200 people have been killed in cold blood in  these violent crackdowns.   On top of mobile data blackouts, there is now concern that the  Tatmadaw could cut off WiFi as well, and even reports of fiber lines  being cut, which would cut off access to the internet altogether.   Clearly, there is no time to waste. The junta's rule must end. But it  will not be enough simply to return to the status quo ante. This  resolution calls on President Biden and Secretary Blinken to encourage  not just the return to power of the civilian government, but also,  subsequently, constitutional reforms to address the undemocratic power  reserved for the Tatmadaw in Parliament, and the disenfranchisement of  Burma's ethnic minorities.    Democracy is something we must ever defend and nurture. That is why  we who believe that all people are created equal and must be treated as  such, whether here in America or anywhere else around the globe, must  speak up, not only for full civilian control in Burma, but also for  democracy, not for some, but for all.   And so this resolution makes clear that Congress stands with all of  the people of Burma in their ambition for sustainable peace, a genuine  democracy, and the realization of human rights for all.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Ranking Member Chabot for authoring this  resolution with me, as well as Subcommittee Chairman Bera, Chairman  Meeks, Ranking Member McCaul, and all of my colleagues who have  cosponsored this important resolution, which I am proud to say, on a  completely bipartisan basis, we passed through the House Foreign  Affairs Committee unanimously.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.   