 Madam President, I rise this afternoon to call attention  to a courageous Russian hero who is in danger even as I speak. He is a  man who has consistently stood up to Vladimir Putin and his cronies and  has, on numerous occasions, placed his own life in jeopardy to bring  the truth to light. The lawless thugs in the Kremlin often avoid saying  his name in public, but here on the Senate floor, I am proud to stand  in solidarity with Alexei Navalny.   It was just last August that Alexei Navalny, Russia's foremost  opposition leader, was poisoned with a deadly nerve agent. Millions of  us remember seeing the video of his being stricken on an airplane and  hearing his painful cries, the crew members unsure how to soothe his  pain. Thanks to the quick diplomatic work of our friends in Germany,  Mr. Navalny was evacuated to Berlin, where he received expert medical  attention and, against all odds, recovered from this poisoning.   An ordinary man would have stayed safe and very far away from the  Kremlin, but Alexei Navalny is no ordinary man. He is a Russian patriot  who envisions a different kind of Russia, one where citizens have a say  in government, where freedom blooms, and where the President does not  siphon away funds intended for hospitals in order to build secret  palaces or to enrich members of his kleptocracy.   So, 3 months ago, Mr. Navalny returned to Russia, knowing full well  the dangers he would face. Immediately upon his arrival, he was  arrested at the airport for a parole violation, which resulted from his  hospitalization, which resulted from his poisoning. He now sits in one  of the most notorious penal colonies in Russia, known for its  psychological torture. He has been deemed a flight risk and is awakened  eight times a night under the guise of monitoring his whereabouts. His  lawyers were recently prevented from seeing him. Reports are that he is  suffering from severe back pain and other health  [[Page S1841]]  concerns and has received inadequate medical care.   This is a familiar sounding story, but one thing is clear: The  Russian dictatorship is terrified of Alexei Navalny. He is a threat to  them because he has exposed their unbridled corruption and urged voters  to demand that the government respect their rights. Because of that,  Alexei Navalny's life is in danger at this very moment.   The tens of thousands of demonstrators who turned out across Russia  to support this jailed opposition leader send an unmistakable message  to the Kremlin: You cannot suppress the voice of the people  indefinitely.   Freedom-loving Americans and freedom-loving people around the world  are, today, crying out for justice for Alexei Navalny. He endures the  suffering of many before him--in Russia, people like Sergei Magnitsky  and Boris Nemtsov and, abroad, people like Nelson Mandela and Mahatma  Gandhi--whose legacies and movements did not rot while they were in  prison but, instead, helped to bring down oppressive governments.   At this point, I yield to the Senator from Colorado for a brief  intervention before I close with a thought or two.    In reclaiming my time, I appreciate the work of my friend  Senator Cardin.   Senator Coons from Delaware was also here, but, unfortunately, he had  to leave.   They also wanted to make it clear that, on a bipartisan basis, on  both sides of the aisle, the U.S. Senate stands for freedom-loving  people in Russia and for their spokesman, Alexei Navalny. We intend to  shine the light of public opinion on the actions of the Russian  kleptocracy and dictatorship with regard to prisoners and patriots like  Alexei Navalny.   I yield the floor.   