 Mr. President, Jerome Powell was a better choice for  Federal Reserve Chair than Lael Brainard, but that alone is not a good  enough reason to confirm Chairman Powell for a second term. Chairman  Powell has presided over a series of failures at the Fed, while the  Fed's actions during his tenure have harmed working-class Americans and  worsened inequality. The Senate should not support his renomination.   The core mission of the Federal Reserve from the very beginning has  been to foster stable prices and ensure a sound currency. No one--no  one--can seriously argue that the Fed has accomplished this mission  under Mr. Powell's leadership. After years of reckless policy and  months of obfuscation, inflation now exceeds 6 percent, the highest  rate of inflation in 30 years--the highest rate of inflation in 30  years.   An inflationary economy rewards will-be speculators and the holders  of large assets and debts like, for instance, the Federal Government or  giant corporations, but it ruins responsible citizens who are just  trying to save for their retirements or maybe their kids' colleges.   In the worst-case scenario, the value of money can collapse,  endangering society itself. In less catastrophic but still serious  conditions, Americans who have played by the rules for many years,  responsibly working and saving, see the value of their money slowly  erode over time.   Nearly half of all Americans have no exposure whatsoever to the stock  market, not a single stock or mutual fund or pension--no exposure to  the stock market. Their money is usually held in low-interest checking  accounts, savings accounts, certificates of deposit, and cash. The  Fed's extreme low-interest-rate policy means their thrift and prudence  earns them nothing. In fact, it sets them back every day with this  inflationary spiral. Money outside the stock market loses value every  day when inflation is at 30-year highs and interest rates are near  record lows.   Likewise, 6 percent inflation has totally wiped out any nominal wage  gains for workers. In fact, inflation-adjusted weekly earnings are down  1.6 percent compared with a year ago. Real inflation-adjusted wages are  down from last year when employers across the country report shortages  of workers. That is because inflation is eating away at all those wage  gains. And there is no guarantee that inflation at 6 percent is the  ceiling.   Still, the Fed has refused to change course even as prices rose on  everything from groceries to gasoline. Chairman Powell insisted for  months that the pain was only ``temporary'' or ``transitory.''  According to so-called ``experts,'' inflation would simply vanish once  Pete Buttigieg sorted out the supply chains and we got the Delta  variant under control. But after months of skyrocketing prices,  Chairman's Powell's confidence looks not only misplaced and misinformed  but reckless.   This week, Mr. Powell admitted that he would retire--retire--the word  ``transitory,'' the very word he helped popularized. If only American  families could so easily retire the devastating effects of inflation on  their monthly budgets.   Mr. Powell has directly contributed to this inflation. He has  maintained the Fed's so-called emergency monetary policies a decade  after the emergency of the financial crisis had ended. That means the  Fed had already exhausted the normal tools of monetary policy when the  pandemic hit last spring. It had to prop up the economy through  unprecedented levels of government intervention. These policies,  [[Page S8880]]  while perhaps justified for a very brief period of uncertainty in the  spring of 2020--very brief--policies which included huge purchases of  government bonds, mortgage debt, and corporate debt--but they were not  justified after that, just as they weren't justified before it, even as  the Fed was continuing unparalleled levels of quantitative easing.   As a result, the Fed's balance sheet has ballooned to $9 trillion,  and it continues to grow by more than $100 billion a month. Nine  trillion dollars. Let me put that in perspective. The Fed's balance  sheet after the financial crisis barely surpassed $2 trillion.   The chief result of these policies during the pandemic has been to  boost asset prices, especially the stock market valuations of giant  corporations. But the price of these gains has been inflation, which  especially harms working-class Americans. After releasing a torrent of  cash into the economy, it is no surprise that prices are rising in this  flood of cheap money.   This week, Chairman Powell testified that he might--he might--unwind  these policies a little faster than previously planned, but even if the  Fed follows through--and I will believe it when I see it after the last  many years of radical emergency monetary policy--it will still be too  little, too late.   The simple fact is, the Fed, under Chairman Powell's leadership, has  forced millions of American families to choose whether to pay the  mortgage or feed their families or fill up their gas tanks, heat their  homes, or maybe buy a couple of extra Christmas presents. That is  failure.   While inflation is the Fed's worst failure under Chairman Powell, it  is not their only failure. At a time when they cannot achieve their  core mission of price stability, they are adopting ancillary missions  like ``woke'' activism at the Fed. The Fed has joined an international  effort devoted to ``greening'' the financial system, whatever that  means. Fed branches around the country are even spreading critical race  theory, claiming that terms like ``Founding Fathers'' and ``blacklist''  are ``biased'' and sharing radical materials that claim that--this is a  direct quote from some of the materials that Fed branches have shared-- ``race-neutral policies uphold racism.'' Think about that. The Fed's  core mission is to maintain price stability. While they fail on that  mission, they are teaching their employees that race-neutral policies  are racist.   We might chuckle and shake our heads and have a good laugh when this  kind of nonsense happened at Bard College or some other college campus,  but now it is happening at the Nation's central bank, which plays a  role in determining whether we end up rich or poor. This mission creep  is alarming, especially when the Fed is failing to fulfill its core  mission.   I know many people have made excuses for the Fed, and they defended  Mr. Powell's tenure. They said inflation was not his fault or primarily  the Fed's fault. But it is true the Democrats have been spending  trillions of dollars this year we don't have. But, as Bill Parcells  said about NFL teams, you are what your record says you are. The Fed's  record is 6 percent inflation, the worst inflation in 30 years.   Most Americans live in a world of accountability and consequences,  the lack of which is one of the things they hate most about Washington.  Failure in Washington is too often rewarded. The Fed has manifestly  failed during Chairman Powell's tenure, further skewing our economy in  favor of the wealthy while the working class suffers. There have to be  consequences for this kind of failure. Jerome Powell is not the right  choice to continue to lead the Federal Reserve.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, in a couple of hours, Senator Schumer is  bringing to the floor one of the most dangerous pro-crime, anti-cop  U.S. nominees in American history. The Senate floor leader wants to ram  through President Biden's extreme nominee to be the U.S. attorney for  Massachusetts, the current Suffolk County district attorney, Rachel  Rollins. In doing so, the Democrats are showing they don't care about  crime as a crime wave crashes across the country, they do not support  law enforcement, and they have a wanton disregard for the safety and  security of Americans.   Now, it is true that we rarely have record votes of U.S. attorneys in  the Senate. In fact, I think it has been 28 years.   It is also true that Rachael Rollins is so radical that she is  without precedent as a nominee to be the U.S. attorney.   Rachael Rollins is the very epitome of a Soros prosecutor, although  it is generous to call her a prosecutor at all.   For those of you who do not know the term, ``Soros prosecutor''  refers to the wave of so-called progressive political activists backed  by wealthy liberal mega donors like George Soros, who have run for  local district attorney and State attorney positions throughout the  country with the express purpose--the express purpose of igniting  revolution and destroying our criminal justice systems from within.   They have left a trail of death, pain, suffering, and misery in their  wake. Chicago has already had more than 1,000 murders this year--1,000  murders, with a month to go. Philadelphia has already had more than  500--already an all-time record. Crime is so bad in San Francisco, they  closed downtown on Black Friday to avoid gangs of armed robbers  smashing into retail stores and stealing everything in sight. They  closed it on Black Friday because Chesa Boudin, the radical Soros  prosecutor in San Francisco, has helped a crime wave destroy public  safety in San Francisco so much that the liberals in that city have  already announced a recall petition against him.   And perhaps most notoriously, just last weekend, in Waukesha, a  career criminal with a rap sheet as long as your arm committed mass  murder--one of the deadliest massacres in recent years--while he was  out on $1,000 bail; $1,000 for a career criminal who consistently  committed violent crimes for 20 years. And the Soros prosecutor in  Milwaukee who let him out acknowledged that it may have been  inappropriately low.   But that is not the unintended consequence; that is the intended  consequence: to destroy our criminal justice system from the inside, to  let violent, repeat felons out immediately and not keep them on bail,  and then to not charge them with the appropriate crimes, and then to  reduce their sentences when they are convicted.   What do they all have in common?   They are all pro-criminal, Soros prosecutors, just like Rachael  Rollins--the first one to be nominated for U.S. attorney.   Now, she is not simply a Soros prosecutor, she is one of the most  preeminent legal arsonists in the country. She is a founding member of  an organization of Soros prosecutors called the Truth, Justice, and  Reconciliation Commission, which claims that the American justice  system--and this is a quote; this is a direct quote--has ``been a cruel  and oppressive force of injustice for . . . all marginalized  communities.''   And she also claims--this is, again, a direct quote--``this isn't a  bug in the  [[Page S8892]]  system, but a feature. It's operating exactly the way it was designed  and built to function.''   That is her view of our criminal justice system, that it is a cruel  and oppressive force of injustice for marginalized communities; that is  not a bug; that is a feature.   That is textbook critical race theory.   Rachael Rollins believes that the American criminal justice system is  racist and rotten to its core, and the Democrats want to put her in  charge of prosecuting criminals in the largest State in New England.  Rollins hopes to destroy the criminal justice system from within. That  is not hyperbole. She has not been shy about her views, until she was  nominated for this office, of course.   When asked why she became a prosecutor last year, she answered-- again, this is a direct quote. I am not making it up. You may find it  hard to believe. This is her own words why she wanted to be a  prosecutor: ``I chose to jump into this job to dismantle the system  from the inside.''   Soon after being sworn in as district attorney of Suffolk County, MA,  she declared that she was going to battle--going to battle--against the  U.S. attorney on offenses like opioids, marijuana, and immigration.   Just think about that. A newly elected prosecutor in the largest city  of the State decided that her mission was not to stop criminals, not to  protect innocent civilians, but to stop the U.S. attorney in that State  from prosecuting criminals, and now she wants that job for herself.   I don't think so.   Mrs. Rollins also published a list of 15 crimes that she would refuse  to prosecute except in special cases, sending the clear message to  criminals that it was open season to commit these crimes.   Among the crimes on Rollins' presumptive do-not-prosecute list are  not just things like jaywalking, but things like drug trafficking with  intent to distribute, including fentanyl, malicious destruction of  property, criminal threats, breaking and entering, trespassing,  resisting arrest, and more.   This isn't an exercise of prosecutorial discretion in a case with  exceptional circumstances. This is prosecutorial nullification. The  Legislature of Massachusetts passed criminal laws that prosecutors are  elected to enforce, and she refuses to enforce them.   What do you think she will do to our Federal criminal laws?   What do you think she will do to you if you are a homeowner in  Suffolk County and someone trespasses on your yard and walks up to your  window to see if you are home or not?   And if you are not, they will break and enter because you won't be  prosecuted. And if you are home, well, they will just walk off the lawn  and wait until you leave. And you dial 9-1-1, and the police won't even  answer because they know Rachael Rollins won't prosecute you.   And this is the woman that Joe Biden nominated to be a U.S. attorney  in this county. I don't think so.   Rollins has tarred police officers as murderers, causing the Boston  Police Patrolmen's Association to condemn her for ``undoubtedly  incit[ing] violence against the proud men and women of the Boston  Police Department.''   Her response, naturally, was to accuse the Boston police of ``white  fragility.'' That is not a summary; that is an exact quote. She accused  the Boston police of ``white fragility.''   There is a word for what Mrs. Rollins traffics in, and that word is  ``racism;'' presuming that every officer in the Boston Police  Department is guilty of ``white fragility,'' presumably the Black and  the Hispanic and the Asian ones too.   The truth is that Rollins has nothing but contempt for the rule of  law. If she is confirmed, the citizens of Massachusetts and New  Hampshire and all of New England will suffer the dangerous  consequences. We have already seen these consequences in her own  county.   In 2020, the first full year in which her policies have been in  force, Boston's violent crime rate surged, and the number of murders  skyrocketed by 38 percent.   When Rollins took office, Suffolk County had the fifth highest opioid  overdose death numbers in Massachusetts, with 39 percent fewer deaths  than the leading county. By the end of 2020, not surprisingly, Suffolk  County's opioid overdose deaths had increased by 32 percent, and  Suffolk County had become the second deadliest county for opioid  overdoses.   If Rollins' abysmal record is brought to Massachusetts as a whole, it  also poses a significant threat to the health and safety of the people  of New England, especially New Hampshire--a threat that extends beyond  the 100,000 Granite Staters who work in Massachusetts.   Rollins' insane drug policies would worsen the drug epidemic, which  is already ravaging New Hampshire. The opioid crisis, which is fueled  by narcotics smuggled from Massachusetts, is responsible for over 80  percent of drug overdose deaths in New Hampshire. Cartels and  traffickers use Boston and its ports as a staging ground to smuggle  vast quantities of heroin and other drugs into New Hampshire.   Rollins' failure to vigorously enforce Federal drug laws in  Massachusetts will severely harm families and communities not just in  her own State, but in New Hampshire and across New England.   Rollins' appalling statements, actions, and records caused  Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee to unanimously-- unanimously--oppose her nomination. That is a nearly unprecedented  action for a U.S. attorney nomination, and it is not one that we took  lightly.   By contrast, for example, Republicans have allowed President Biden's  other 15 U.S. attorney nominees across the country to go through  committee with a simple voice vote. It goes to show that Mrs. Rollins  is uniquely unfit for the role of U.S. attorney and deserves no  deference from the Senate and no confirmation.   If the Democrats vote to confirm Rachael Rollins, they will be  responsible for every action she takes. It is not a secret. It is right  here in her record. And when crime spikes in Massachusetts and crime  spikes in New Hampshire, Democratic Senators who are on the ballot next  year are going to answer for it.   And I promise I will be there to make you answer for it if you vote  for her today.   And if you are a Soros prosecutor around the country watching this  nomination today and you think maybe you are next if Ms. Rollins is  confirmed, maybe you can be the U.S. attorney, maybe you can be the  attorney general in your State, I promise you, this will not be the  start of a trend. I will stop at nothing to make sure none of you ever  achieve higher office and none of you get reelected, because you are a  danger to the families and the communities of this country.   President Biden should immediately withdraw Mrs. Rollins' nomination  and should consider submitting someone who would actually be a  prosecutor rather than a pro-crime, defund-the-police activist to serve  as a U.S. attorney in Massachusetts.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, for the record, I would object on behalf  of anyone who is not here, and so the question is moot.   If the Democrats really wanted all these nominees to go forward,  maybe you should talk to the President about the fact that he caved in  on Nord Stream 2 sanctions.   I know the Senator from New Hampshire has been strong on that, but  she could have stopped any single bill or nominee going forward by  insisting that the President impose Nord Stream 2 sanctions.   Now we are in a situation where all of Western Europe is hooked on  German gas and Vladimir Putin is about to invade Ukraine, and the best  we can get is stern words.   So, yes, I would object on behalf of any Senator who is not present,  and I don't even know what I am objecting to.    Mr. President, 8 months--for 8 months any Senate Democrat  could have stepped forward and demanded the President impose Nord  Stream 2 sanctions. For 4 years--for 4 years--we stood together and  cast votes--with 85 votes, 90 votes, or 95 votes--in defense of Nord  Stream 2 sanctions when the Democrats were discovering their inner Jack  Ryan when it came to Russia.   But now that Donald Trump is gone from office and Joe Biden is in  office and he is appeasing Vladimir Putin at every turn by extending  the New START Treaty and by not imposing sanctions on Nord Stream 2,  suddenly the Democrats have reverted back to their old, conciliatory  ways toward Russia.   The simplest way to deter invasion of Ukraine, the simplest way to  deter Russian aggression is to draw clear red lines of enforcement-- something that Joe Biden will not do; something that, apparently, the  Democratic Senators will not force him to do.    Mr. President, I did not make any personal insult. I  simply observed that, for 4 years under the Trump administration, we  repeatedly took action on a bipartisan basis to try to stop Nord Stream  2.   One of the reasons we didn't have a vote on amendments last week on  the Defense bill is because the Democrats were carrying water for the  Biden administration, refusing to have a vote on Nord Stream 2. And  that is consistent with the Biden administration's record on Russia,  which can get all chesty in its rhetoric but always appeases Vladimir  Putin.   One of the first actions he took was to give a no-strings-attached  extension to the New START Treaty, something that Donald Trump never  did--the very first priority of Vladimir Putin.   The second priority was Nord Stream 2. We have been trying to have  votes in  [[Page S8899]]  this Senate all year long, and we haven't had them because the  Democrats won't insist on a vote because Joe Biden doesn't want it.   