 Mr. President, I am very pleased that the Senate is  finally voting on the fiscal year 2022 Defense authorization bill. It  is the most significant bill of the year.   There is an old document that nobody reads anymore called the  Constitution. It kind of tells us what we are supposed to be doing  around here, and sometimes we forget. We are talking about national  defense. That is what we are supposed to be doing. That is why Congress  has passed a defense authorization bill for the last 60 years. This  will be the 61st year in a row. It will pass. It will pass in about  another half hour from now. It is going to pass because it has passed  in the past, and everyone realizes this is the most important thing we  do here. A lot of people don't say that, but it is true.   Every year, we come together--the House and the Senate, the  Republicans and the Democrats--and put our differences aside and build  this bill together and show our servicemembers that we really support  them. I think that is so important.   All we have to do is argue about this bill, and what we are doing is  reflecting on the people who are out there on the line, out there  making the sacrifice and losing their lives in many cases. It is  important that they know this is the most important thing we do, and  that is exactly what we did this year.   It looked a little different this year because the Senate didn't take  up the bill until after Veterans Day. I was critical of Senator Chuck  Schumer. We filed our bill--Senator Reed and I filed this on September  22. We didn't take it up until November 17. That is 2 months that was  wasted that we could have used and used very productively. We don't  need to do that. We can't let that happen again.   It is the most important bill we do all year, and it shouldn't be  left to the last minute. That is especially the case right now because  we face threats like we have never before in my lifetime faced. We have  China and Russia. They are growing and modernizing their militaries at  a rate that we have never  [[Page S9173]]  seen before and using their new technology to menace their neighbors.  We are seeing Russia build up forces on the Ukrainian border, most  likely intended to be used for them to attack. We feel that is what is  happening now.   We have seen evidence that China is testing hypersonic missile  technology that we don't even have. We don't have hypersonic missile  technology like the Chinese have. Those of us who have studied what  happened in World War II, we swore we weren't going to let this happen.  And for a long period of time, we had the best of everything. In one  area where America should have the best of everything, we didn't have  the best of everything.   So we have seen threats and are seeing threats now that we haven't  seen before. Yes, on the Ukrainian border--we know what is happening  there. We know 100,000 people are ready to go in. The Russians are  there. Now we are seeing China use things that we don't even have  today.   At the same time, following a disastrous withdrawal, terrorist  organizations are resurging in Afghanistan. I think we all remember in  Afghanistan--what happened when the President went in and we had a  withdrawal when we shouldn't have had a withdrawal. Our allies and  partners are questioning our credibility and commitment because of that  debacle.   Iran continues to expand its nuclear program, and North Korea  continues its own provocations.   In short, we have no shortage of challenges to our security and our  military supremacy. The security situation with both China and Russia  has gotten far worse since the Armed Services Committee first advanced  this bill back in July. It has gotten worse over the last few days and  certainly every week.   I can't think of a more necessary bill to pass right now, as we are  going to do in another short period of minutes. This Defense  authorization bill is the most important bill we have. I worked  together with Chairman Reed, Senator Reed, Chairman Smith, Ranking  Member Rogers, and the Armed Services Committees in both Chambers to  build a bill that will help us respond to all these threats. We worked  together. We worked together in the committee for a long time.   People think, well, this is only something that we are doing--those  of us who are in the position to be providing the leadership in our  military--that we do once a year, but I can tell you right now, after  we do this--I think it will get passed today and will be signed--we  will start again on next year already.   Our final product is a responsible, bipartisan path forward to  strengthen the national security and gives our troops the resources,  training, equipment, and benefits they deserve. We are talking about  our troops. They need it. We don't want them to have close fights out  there. We don't want them to have equipment that isn't the best  equipment.   I am afraid that we are in a situation right now where that is the  case. The first and most important way to do that is by boosting the  defense top line by $25 billion. That is what we did. The very first  thing that we did was to bring that up to something where it is $25  billion over President Biden's request.   I know defense isn't Biden's top priority, but we showed that it is a  bipartisan priority in this Congress. In fact, it was the 2018 NDS.  This is the NDS. This is the National Defense System. This is in 2018,  and we had six of the smartest Democrats in this field and six of the  smartest Republicans. We got together and put together this thing  called Providing for the National Defense. This was the Defense  Strategy Commission. It is one we have been following since that time,  and it shows that we can get things done. This is what we refer to.  This is our pattern, and a budget cut like the President wanted isn't  going to get us there.   In total, this bill authorizes almost $778 billion for the Department  of Defense and for nuclear programs at the Department of Energy. This  increase supports many of the military's unfunded priorities, things  they need that President Biden's inadequate budget couldn't meet, plus  things Congress agrees that the Department must fund in critical areas.   And we provided a 35-percent increase above the President's budget  for military construction, the largest MILCON that we have had in over  10 years. We also provided a $4.7 billion increase for shipbuilding,  allowing our military to purchase five new battle-force ships, which  will be key in our priority theater, in the Indo-Pacific. And I think  we know what the Chinese have been doing with their ship program.   We bolstered support to key allies, like Taiwan and Ukraine. This  year's NDAA actually increases funding for the Ukrainian Security  Assistance Initiative by $50 million, giving Ukraine some $300 million  in defense, which is also in our defense too.   And the bill includes strong bipartisan support for our nuclear  deterrent, which is the cornerstone of our national security. We fully  fund the nuclear modernization, which is a top priority for our  military and will solidify support for a key leg of our nuclear triad.  Our triad system is one that we have adhered to, and it is something  that is working. This actually supports a key leg of that nuclear  triad, which is the Ground-Based Strategic Deterrent.   The bill works at every turn to maintain our military supremacy and  in some areas to spur us to catch up in other areas where we have  fallen behind. We have fallen behind China and Russia in certain areas,  and we don't like that. And this is what we are trying to correct at  the current time.   One area where we do that is in cyber security. We have people, not  just experts on the outside. There is one of the members of our Senate  Armed Services Committee, Senator Mike Rounds, who probably knows more  about cyber security than any one of the advisers that are out there.  The bill creates a whole-of-government approach, the public-private  partnership to detect and disrupt our adversary's cyber operations.   We also accelerate innovation in key emerging technologies, like  artificial intelligence, hypersonic weapons, quantum computing, and 5G.  We are doing these things. We are just not doing it as fast as we  should, and this is one of the reasons that we are going to pass the  most important bill of the year in just a few minutes.   Our bill takes numerous steps to harden our industrial base and  remove Russia and China from our national security supply chain.   Of course, our top priority, this year and any year, is our troops,  the brave men and women who have volunteered to lay down their lives,  on the line, for our country. This year's bill gives them a well- deserved pay raise and improves health. By the way, these are things  that people who sometimes talk about the fact that we are spending some  money--I don't know how many times I have heard people say: Well, we  spend more on defense than China and Russia together.    Well, that is true, but we do something that China and Russia doesn't  do. The most expensive item we have is taking care of our troops,  making sure that the kids of our troops have schools to go to that are  good schools, that we have good housing.   They don't care about things like that, but we do, and we spend more  on our military, and people try to use that against us. Well, our  people are first, and we are the only country that believes that.   It prevents servicemembers from being dishonorably discharged for  refusing the coronavirus vaccine. This is something where we changed a  system that otherwise would have offered a dishonorable discharge, and  it is in this bill.   So it is a good bill. It is not perfect. No bill is perfect. There  are some things I would have had in this bill and I am sure that  Senator Reed would have had in this bill that didn't make it.   Before we close, I do want to thank the good people who work so hard  on this bill on the floor. People don't realize that. You go back to  the real world and you talk to real people, as I do when I go back to  Oklahoma, and they point out that they don't believe that people are  really working. But in the case of the military, they are.   I just have to say the hours that they work. I had occasion to talk  to the group about John Wason--John Wason is the minority staff  director--and about the number of hours that he works and that his team  works. And I am going to read the names of this  [[Page S9174]]  team. Senator Reed is going to be reading the names of the majority on  the team.   But I think it is important that people understand that we have  committee staff who work hard, and we are very thankful for the people  who provide all that effort.   On his team, John Wason has Rick Berger, Tom Goffus, Scott  Richardson, Greg Lilly, Marta Hernandez, Jennie Wright, Adam Barker,  Allen Edwards, Katie Magnus, Sean O'Keefe, Brad Patout, Jason Potter,  Brian Slatterly, Katie Sutton, Eric Trager, Adam Trull, T.C. Williams,  Robert Winkler, and Annie Caputo.   From my staff I had Luke Holland, Dan Hillenbrand, Don Archer, Dan  Holder, Sam Trizza, Esther Salters, Jake Johnson, Jake Hinch, Alexandra  Slocum, Victor Sarmiento, Dixon Yonan, Leacy Burke--what would we do  without Leacy Burke?--Laurie Fitch, and Naomi Walker.   And sometimes we forget about the hard-working floor staff. Nobody  ever mentions that. We have a lot of the same people who have been  there for a number of years, and we couldn't operate without them. And  they were really busy on this bill. And that is Robert Duncan, Chris  Tuck, Tony Hanagan, Katherine Foster, Brian Canfield, Max Boyd, and  Maddie Sanborn.   I am grateful for all of their services.   And don't forget: This is only half of the battle. After this, we  have to go through and after we have made the priorities that we have  made, the appropriators will get busy and do what they have done to be  a part of this effort, which is the most significant effort that we are  having.   So today I encourage all of my colleagues to support this year's  National Defense Authorization bill--I know they will--and extend our  60-year track record of getting this bill done. And let's tell the  troops that we love them and we support them.   With that, I yield to Chairman Jack Reed.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as if in  morning business for such time as I shall consume.    Mr. President, I think, with Christmas right around the  corner, I can't think of a more appropriate time to deliver a short  message here.   I have spoken several times about the situation in Ethiopia this  year. It is a nation that is close to my heart for a lot of good  reasons. It is close to other hearts around here. And if you are trying  to understand the politics behind what is happening on the ground, it  is very complicated.   But what is not complicated is that human suffering happens, and it  is heartbreaking. We are talking about women and children and the  elderly people. And they are dying every day. And it is totally  unnecessary. I pray the violence stops very quickly and call on those  who feel the same way to join me if they agree with this.   One of my big criticisms of our State Department is that they tend to  go around the world telling other countries what they need to do  instead of focusing on building lasting friendships and alliances.   This pushes countries away from us instead of bringing them toward  us. And we can't afford to do that anymore with the rising problems  that we are having right now--we have been talking on the floor--with  both China and Russia. And those countries are all too eager to pick up  the pieces that we leave behind. And this is happening right now. We  are faced with a situation where we have countries that are out there  that have actually better resources than we do in many areas.   Unfortunately, this is exactly what the Biden administration is doing  in Ethiopia. Because Ethiopia has been unable to resolve its internal  challenges quick enough for the administration, they are punishing  Ethiopia. They are really punishing their own people here.   Most recently, this has been in the form of announcing that they plan  to remove Ethiopia from the African Growth and Opportunity Act. The  African Growth and Opportunity Act is known as AGOA. And it is  something that is very significant. It is one that all of those in  Africa and other countries are trying to get behind them.   And I think it is particularly significant right now that Christmas  is upon us. It means Ethiopia would no longer have preferential trade  capabilities with the United States for both import and export.   Now, this is devastating to a nation that has been such a great  partner over the years. Ethiopia has always--ever since it came back  during the Meles administration, and we kicked communists out with the  help of that administration, it has been our friend ever since then.  Ethiopia has long been one of our last trading partners in Africa, in  part, because its airline has a majority Boeing fleet. And because of  that, many planes across the continent are being maintained in  Ethiopia.   This flippant action makes our other partners doubt our commitment  and pulls the rug out from many American business that have decided to  make investments in Ethiopia instead of other countries in places  around the world like Southeast Asia.   If we are willing to arbitrarily kick countries out of the agreement,  other countries and American companies might not see participation in  AGOA as worth the hassle you have to go through to get that. Every time  we do something like this, we leave a vacuum that China is only too  eager to fill.   Just after the Biden administration announced their plan to punish  Ethiopia, the Chinese Government announced their own plan to purchase  $300 billion worth of goods from Africa over the next 3 years and to  invest nearly $10 billion.   The Chinese Foreign Minister promptly visited the principals in  Ethiopia to support Prime Minister Abiy. Prime Minister Abiy, whom you  might remember, has been a Prime Minister in Ethiopia for a long period  of time. I can remember standing many years ago on this floor and  lauding the virtues of him and what he has done for this country and  the fact that he probably could be arguably the best educated Prime  Minister in that country at any time. He didn't mention a word about  the international challenges that he faces. They were there to support  him, the democratically--we are talking about the Chinese now-- democratically elected leader in Ethiopia. That is exactly what we  should be doing. But we aren't--and China is.   We know that China and Russia are encroaching throughout Africa. They  want nothing more than to create a division between the United States  and Ethiopia and in countries across the continent.   And the good news is--if you can call it that--there is time before  the Biden administration cancels AGOA benefits, and that would be for  Ethiopia on January 1. But the door is closing. And January 1 is on us  now.   So the Biden administration should take real steps to undoing the  sanctions against the democratically elected government of Ethiopia and  roll back the termination of AGOA benefits. And that would make a much  happier Christmas for us and for Ethiopia.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   