 Mr. President, while the American people are battling  inflation at its worst since 2008, Washington Democrats are behind  closed doors, writing another reckless taxing-and-spending spree that  would have the government borrow trillions upon trillions more. While  our economy still struggles to fully recover from last year's COVID  lockdowns, President Biden wants to slap Americans with the biggest tax  hike in half a century.   You know, it is really remarkable to watch senior, established  leaders in the Democratic Party take their marching orders from the  radical left. We are hearing claims and arguments that are absurd on  their face as top Democrats try to wrestle with the positions they have  literally been forced into.   Yesterday, for example, President Biden's Twitter account made the  following two claims in the space of two sentences. First, the ``Build  Back Better Agenda costs zero dollars.'' And then in the next sentence:  ``We're going to pay for it by ensuring those at the top and big  corporations pay their fair share.''   How amazing, Mr. President. It's the first time in human history  something can be totally free, yet, nevertheless, needs to be paid for.  The Democrats' socialist logic has become so advanced, they have  transcended mathematics itself.   Of course, the truth is that the Democrats' massive tax hikes would  not only hit the wealthy. It never works that way. There is no way to  set up the kind of massive, never-ending new entitlements the Democrats  want without coming hard--hard--after the middle class.   Oh, and, sure enough, nonpartisan experts have already confirmed the  Democrats' reckless taxing-and-spending spree would hit the middle  class and shatter President Biden's promise of no new taxes for anybody  earning less than $400,000 a year.   But as my colleague, the junior Senator from South Carolina, has put  it, as much as the reckless cost of their wish list would hurt  Americans, the reckless content of the legislation may be even worse.  Just look at what Democrats want to do to American families' healthcare  and prescription medicines.   Last month, a new report from the Medicare trustees confirmed that  the trust fund for Medicare Part A is on track to reach insolvency in  just 5 years--5 years from now. More than 54 million American seniors  rely on Medicare, and the promises we have already made are getting  more and more expensive to keep.   Last year, for example, for the first time ever, the amount the  Federal Government spent on Medicare alone exceeded everything that we  spent on our national defense.   With Medicare 5 years from real fiscal problems, the last thing we  need right now are politicians stretching the program even thinner, but  that is exactly what Democrats are doing behind closed doors at this  very moment.   Their reckless taxing-and-spending spree would heap hundreds of  billions of dollars in new expenses and obligations onto the already  troubled Medicare trust funds; hundreds of billions of dollars in new  obligations for untested new programs, for big new pools of people, all  using the care seniors count on as the Democrats' piggyback, with the  program already on unsure footing.   Even some of our colleagues on the Democratic side are calling this  craziness what it is. As one of our colleagues said recently, we have  to ``stabiliz[e] what we have, before we start going down this  expensive [road]'' or else it would be ``fiscal insanity.''   But that isn't the only damage the Democrats' bill would inflict on  our health system. At the same time, they want to impose socialist  price controls on the prescription medicines that Americans need. This  is another example of magical thinking: If we just pass a law saying  something ought to be cheaper, it will be cheaper.   But here in the real world, arbitrary price-setting on prescription  drugs would cut down the private sector's incentive to keep innovating.  Expert research shows Americans and the whole world would be left with  fewer new drugs, fewer new treatments, and fewer new cures.   Mr. President, this isn't an abstract thing. This is a human cost. In  the world Democrats want to create, some Americans would get sick and  some would die who would have lived if new treatments had come into  existence instead of being squashed--squashed--by bad policy.   One University of Chicago academic and past leader of the Council of  Economic Advisers has calculated that over one decade, House Democrats'  prescription price controls could rob our Nation of 15 to 20 times as  many collective years of life as the entire COVID pandemic has stolen  so far.   Let me say that again. This expert believes that the Democratic war  on  [[Page S6899]]  prescription drug innovation could result in a total loss of American  life that is 15 to 20 times that which COVID has caused thus far.   In a serious world, any discussion of this terrible policy would stop  right there. But Democrats need to slash our investment in treatments  and cures because they need to cannibalize that money for other parts  of their partisan wish list.   It is the same reason Democrats are clinging to their absurd, new IRS  spying provision that would let Big Brother snoop on citizens'  transactions in excess of $600--another perfectly awful idea, but they  need the money.   These desperate cash grabs capture the essence of this partisan bill  the Democrats are drafting behind closed doors--jeopardizing seniors'  Medicare funding, killing huge numbers of Americans indirectly by  attacking new treatments and new cures.   And for what?   For a liberal hodgepodge of new entitlement programs when we can't  even shore up the ones we already have. It is just a few more of the  hundred ways this reckless taxing-and-spending spree would hurt the  families of America.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   