 Mr. Speaker, I rise in favor of H.R. 1996, the  SAFE Banking Act of 2021, and I am proud to help lead this commonsense,  overdue effort.   The vast majority of States, including my own, have enacted laws  that, to varying degrees, permit their residents to use cannabis.  However, the Federal Government has not only infringed on the inherent  right of these States to implement those laws, but also stifled medical  research, diverted law enforcement resources needed elsewhere, and  hindered legitimate businesses, businesses that provide vital services  to cancer patients, veterans, and those seeking opioid alternatives for  pain management.   Because of the Federal interference in this arena, cannabis companies  are not afforded the same access to financial services as every other  legal business in our country.   With banks refusing to accept their money out of fear of Federal  repercussions, these businesses are forced to operate in all cash. They  pay their workers in cash, store cash in vaults on-site, and hire  armored cars and trucks to transport cash to pay taxes.   As a former prosecutor, I can tell my colleagues that this is a  serious public safety issue.   But it is not just cannabis companies that are paying the price for  this antiquated policy. Small businesses that provide services to  State-legal cannabis companies can also be targeted by the Federal  Government, such as plumbers, electricians, and even soil and  fertilizer businesses.   Regardless of where you stand on the legality of cannabis, I think we  can all agree that it shouldn't be that hard to sell a bag of dirt.   At a time when small businesses are just beginning to recover from  the economic destruction caused by COVID-19, the Federal Government  should be supporting them, not standing in their way. Congress must  provide financial certainty to these businesses and safety to their  employees.   Many of my colleagues have shied away from this issue because they  are under the impression that it doesn't impact their constituents. But  as I have outlined here today, it most certainly does.   The American people across the majority of States, both red and blue,  have voted to enact sensible cannabis reforms. I encourage all of my  colleagues to respect the will of their constituents and the rights of  their States and begin engaging in these reforms.   It is past time we address the antiquated cannabis policies and  remove unnecessary red tape. I strongly urge  [[Page H1923]]  my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote in favor of the SAFE  Banking Act so we can take a step in that direction.   The Federal Government can no longer afford to fail on an issue that  our States have taken the lead on.   