 Last week, Judiciary staff interviewed Jeffrey Rosen,  Trump's former Acting Attorney General, and Mr. Rosen's Deputy at the  Justice Department, Rich Donoghue. These interviews were done as part  of the Democrats' never-ending series of investigations into former  President Trump.   Their obsession with him has been very consistent, I will give them  that. So, too, are the Democrats' public comments that grossly  mischaracterized--at least for now--the state of the evidence.   I will start with a little history. This country has had to deal with  Democrats' obsession with destroying Trump for much too long. In the  process, I fear my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have done  and will do lasting damage to our political system.   For example, in May 2017, then-Ranking Member Feinstein and I met  with then-Director Comey about Crossfire Hurricane. At that classified  briefing, Comey said Trump was not under investigation. But that didn't  stop the Democrats from publicly saying that Trump was under  investigation.   And because Comey kept the answer classified, he couldn't and didn't  rebut it. But Democrats knew it was a lie, and they kept on saying that  lie until Trump fired Comey because Comey wouldn't make the fact that  Trump wasn't under investigation public.   Unfortunately, the Democrats' big lie eventually got them what they  wanted because Comey then helped orchestrate an investigation over his  firing.   Day after day, year after year, my colleagues on the other side of  the aisle misled the country about the true facts relating to the  Crossfire Hurricane. In doing so, they undermined their credibility.  But, somehow, they kept investigations going, along with an all-too  supplicant press.   My staff has participated in these staff-led interviews that have  occurred in the last week, and I have been briefed on the matters at  hand. I was also at the Rosen interview.   Within hours of Saturday's Rosen interview, the Democrats were  already on television and in papers talking about the substance of the  interviews. In their public comments, they provided politically slanted  mischaracterizations about where the investigation currently stands.   I would like to specifically note that the chairman of the Committee,  Senator Durbin, said, in part, to CNN on Sunday about the Rosen  interview that ``the Justice Department had set it up for us and said  we're waiving any privilege. He''--meaning these people being  interviewed--``can speak to any issue. We're not holding back.''   At the Donoghue interview on Friday, the Justice Department, contrary  to what I just stated to you, objected to my staff's questions on  several occasions and prevented Donoghue from answering. So to go back  to what I said from the quote on CNN, it had been set up ``for us and  said we're waiving any privilege. He can speak to any issue.'' But when  it comes to some of the questions my staff was asking, that wasn't  true.   The same happened at least once in the Rosen interview. And I believe  the Justice Department made an objection even to a Democrat-led  question in Donoghue's interview. So we were not able to ask any  questions as we were promised.   So when the Democrats say these witnesses can ``speak to any issue,''  well, apparently that is not the case. The Biden administration and its  Justice Department have waived executive privilege for these witnesses  to speak about close and intimate conversations that the President had  with his advisers.   If you get even a little bit away from Trump, then, in your  questioning, well, then the Justice Department doesn't want Congress to  know the facts. You see what I mean by saying that Justice objected to  some of my staff's questions?   Mind you, now, the Justice Department and other executive Agencies  consistently refuse to produce records to Congress, claiming what we  call deliberative process. When it comes to Trump, the usual order  doesn't apply.   Given the new executive privilege position that the Biden  administration has created here, it is entirely possible that at some  point in the future, we could all be talking to President Biden's  closest advisers about their internal deliberative process. Or is there  a double standard? I have to laugh a little bit at that possibility,  knowing how my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will complain  about how such a decision to seek information is political in nature.   With respect to Trump and what was said at these high-level meetings,  those are the types of meetings where all kinds of things are  discussed. That is the whole point. The President has every right to  discuss ideas and strategies with his closest advisers. The President,  whether that President is a Democrat or a Republican, should feel  unrestrained to bring ideas to his closest staff for robust discussion.   Eventually, the facts will come out, and Trump will have to address  them, good or bad, depending on the facts at hand. However, the  essential question that should be asked is, What was the final  decision? And that is my major concern about the recent public comments  coming out of these interviews I have discussed relating to this new  Trump investigation.   Unlike my Democratic colleagues, I won't discuss the evidence  publicly at this point in time, but let me remind the American public  with a couple already-public points.   Did Trump fire Acting Attorney General Jeffrey Rosen? No, he did not  fire him.   Did Trump fire Rich Donoghue, Rosen's Deputy? No, he did not fire  Rich Donoghue.   Also, on August 7, 2021, a CNN article states--now, this is about  those interviews that I have been talking about that happened in the  last week. From CNN: ``The men testified that in their interactions  with Trump''--I had better start over again or we will get this wrong.   ``The men testified that in their interactions with Trump, he didn't  order them to do anything illegal and eventually accepted their advice  that the Justice Department couldn't take actions to claim fraud when  it had no evidence of it.''   In other words--that is end of quote; I want to just interpret--claim  fraud in the last Presidential election because there was no evidence  of fraud.   Incredibly, one of the same committee Democrats who spread the Trump  lie today said criminal prosecutions could come out of this  investigation.   If the facts eventually fit the Democrats' narrative that they so  badly want to be true of their narrative, then they fit. It is what it  is. But I haven't seen anything backing up their misleading conclusions  from either what I saw at the interviews or what my staff has reported  to me from those interviews over the last week.   Now, until that point comes that the Democratic narrative proves out  to be what they want it to be, the Democrats should quit trying to fit  a square peg in a round hole, and they need to stop violating committee  rules and protocols.   Because of this, why would any witness want to testify now, at the  risk of their words being leaked and twisted to  [[Page S6080]]  satisfy a partisan agenda? Facts and evidence matter, not speculative,  partisan cheap shots.   I yield the floor.   