 Mr. Speaker, in the spirit of transparency  and accountability my amendment directs the Government Accountability  Office (GAO) to probe whether the Department of Defense ever weaponized  ticks with Lyme disease or any other dangerous pathogen.   Two similar amendments I have offered--one for an investigation by  the Inspector General and another by the GAO--previously passed the  House but did not make it through the Senate. I offer it again as the  investigation and research may help uncover decades-old information and  possibly provide some answers for those that suffer from Lyme.  Americans deserve the truth.   For years, books and articles have been written credibly asserting  that significant research at Fort Detrick, Plum Island, and elsewhere  was conducted to turn ticks into bioweapons.   In her book, ``Bitten: The Secret History of Lyme Disease and  Biological Weapons,'' Kris Newby includes interviews with Dr. Willy  Burgdorfer, the researcher who is credited with discovering Lyme  disease. It turns out that Dr. Burgdorfer was a bioweapons specialist.  The interviews, combined with access to Dr. Burgdorfer's files, reveal  that he and other bioweapons specialists stuffed ticks with pathogens  in a quest to cause severe disability, disease, and death.   Mr. Speaker, Lyme disease and other tick-borne diseases are exploding  in the United States. According to the December 2020 report of the  Health & Human Services' Tick-Borne Disease Working Group--a federal  advisory committee created by language included in the 21st Century  Cures Act, which I fought for--Lyme disease is the most common tick- borne disease with an estimated 300,000 new cases diagnosed each year.  A figure that many researchers, and Lyme-literate doctors, believe is  underreported and could be upwards of 476,000 cases each year.   I also might add that this threat is very real for our servicemembers  as they train in the field, especially at Fort Dix in my district where  the geographic area has an increased prevalence of Lyme. To stop the  spread of these horrific tickborne diseases, we must first understand  their origins and how they came to be so pervasive.   Mr. Speaker, my amendment tasks the GAO to ask the hard questions  about DOD's bioweapons research on ticks from 1950 to 1977. What were  the parameters of the program if there was one? Who ordered it? Was  there any accidental release anywhere or at any time of any of the  diseased ticks? And the most important question, can any of this  information that might be derived from that study, that audit, help  current day researchers find a way to mitigate these diseases?   10 to 20 percent of Americans with Lyme suffer with chronic Lyme  disease. They have a right to know whether any of this is true, and if  any old research documents could be applied by current-day scientists  to finding a better diagnostic or treatment for Lyme disease--something  that's desperately needed.   If the investigation concludes our government's bioweapons program  did not contribute to the proliferation of Lyme, we tum the page. And  if it did, hopefully this investigation and research will contribute to  a cure.   