 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4089,  the Darren Drake Act, bipartisan legislation I introduced in the  Committee on Homeland Security with my Republican colleague and co- chair of the Problem Solvers Caucus, the gentleman from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Fitzpatrick), to help prevent terrorist vehicle attacks and to  protect Americans nationwide.   This legislation is named in memory of a constituent from my  district, Darren Drake from New Milford, New Jersey, who was one of  those tragically killed in the terrorist attack in Lower Manhattan on  October 31, 2017, when an ISIS-inspired terrorist drove a rented pickup  truck into cyclists and runners for one mile along the West Side  Highway, killing eight.   The bill takes critical steps to stop these weapons of terror and  help prevent terrorist truck attacks by requiring the Department of  Homeland Security to develop and disseminate best practices for vehicle  rental companies and dealers to report suspicious behavior to law  enforcement.   These best practices will be developed and updated in consultation  with State and local law enforcement as well as industry experts.   This crucial legislation will provide rental companies and car  dealers with the vital information they need to flag and stop potential  terrorist threats in their tracks. We can take no chances when it comes  to terrorism, which is why this bill will help ensure all rental  companies report suspicious behavior at every point of sale. No  excuses. We simply cannot afford any excuses when it comes to a  question of life or death.   The bill will also require the Secretary of Homeland Security to  report to Congress regarding the implementation of these best practices  and other ways they are helping improve coordination between the  Department and rental vehicle providers.    This commonsense, bipartisan bill is aimed at stopping ISIS-inspired,  lone wolf, and domestic terrorists from easily trucks and other  vehicles to wreak havoc and cause mass destruction and health. It is an  important addition to our arsenal as we work to eradicate threats of  terror across our Nation.   I want to thank Darren's parents, Jimmy and Barbara Drake, who have  become dear friends, for working with me on this effort. I thank them  for their leadership. We will continue working to ensure this measure  becomes law, in Darren's memory and honor, to help prevent future  attacks and save lives. It is the least we can do.   Madam Speaker, I strongly urge all my colleagues to support this  commonsense, bipartisan legislation to help our Nation fully combat  terror wherever it rears its ugly head.   