 Madam President, I am here today to talk about the  origins of the COVID-19 virus. I want to stop and thank the scientists  and journalists who risked and in some instances gave their lives to  get the genetic sequence of the virus and some hints of its origin out  to the rest of the world to give us a fighting chance.   I also want to thank the NIH and Dr. Francis Collins, whose team was  able to stabilize the virus within a matter of weeks and share that  technology with the world. This helped to quickly launch the success of  Operation Warp Speed, as well as other research for testing, anti- virals, and vaccines.   But now here we are 16 months into the most catastrophic health  disaster of our lifetime, and we still have more questions than  answers. At least 3 million lives have been claimed by the virus, and  we still don't know its origin. More specifically, we don't know its  geographical or biological origin. The world deserves to know and needs  to know where and how it started. Was it naturally occurring, or was it  made in a lab?   I am here today to tell you, the preponderance of evidence suggests  that this virus leaked from a lab in Wuhan. But first let's look at the  mounting evidence suggesting that COVID-19 is truly a supervirus, the  product of lab manipulations, including viral gain of function. In  order to do this, we need to look at the world history of two similar  events and the great work of scientists surrounding the containment of  SARS in 2002 and MERS in 2012.   For SARS, it took 4 months to find an intermediate host, a civet, a  raccoon-looking mammal. Yes, it only took 4 months to prove that the  SARS virus went from a bat to a civet to a human. Significantly,  scientists found 24 viral ancestors to SARS, as the virus  [[Page S3398]]  spontaneously mutated from a virus that would not easily attach to  human cells into a more lethal virus.   For MERS, it only took 9 months to find the virus occurring naturally  in bats, and the intermediate host was camels.   Yet, with COVID-19, here we are some 16 months later, and we have no  intermediate host and no COVID-19 found in a live bat. The Chinese tell  us they tested over 80,000 viral sequences and have come up empty.  Coincidence?   No precursors, no grandfather or great-grandfathers, nothing close to  resembling COVID-19 has been found in nature. As a matter of fact, the  closest virus we know of to COVID-19 is RaTG13, which has called the  Wuhan Institute of Virology home for several years. This virus was  supposedly from bats in Yunnan and transported by scientists to the  Wuhan viral lab, but of course the Chinese won't hand the virus over to  the world now for further study.   Is it possible that RaTG13 could have been manipulated into COVID-19?  Some experts would say yes. And we know, based upon the words of the  WIV researcher, Dr. Shi, that the WIV had eight similar viruses to  RaTG13, but China won't share those either. What are they hiding?   Here is another interesting feature of COVID-19. It likes humans more  than bats. As a matter of fact, it doesn't harm bats. So the CCP  propaganda claims this virus comes from bats, but it doesn't like bats.  Riddle me that.   Furthermore, no ancestors of COVID-19 have been found. Recall what  typically occurs in nature is multiple mutations, just like with the  SARS infection. We should be able to find multiple mutations as the  virus goes from bat loving, to an intermediate liking animal, to human  liking, to human loving. We would certainly welcome contrary evidence  from the Wuhan labs.   Now if you will, forgive me for being a bit of a biology lover, but  as a physician, I think we have to consider just how utterly ferocious  and seemingly too perfect for nature this virus really is   COVID-19 has a very unique spike protein made up by two units. The  first unit has an amazing affinity for human lung cells. It sticks like  glue to human lung cells even if you only get a small whiff of it, and  it uses the same human lung receptor that researchers in the United  States and WIV have been working on together for viral gain of function  and similar lab techniques for years. Perhaps this is just another  coincidence.   To be fair, I really do think all the research has been done with the  best of intentions to develop vaccines for a possible future epidemic.  For all I know, the research already done may have significantly sped  up the success of Operation Warp Speed.   Next we need to discuss one last point about this protein spike and  how it interacts with human lung cells. And if there is a smoking gun,  this is it. Remember I talked about this spike, this crown having two  components, two units. Well, it just so happens that the human lung  cell has a special cleaver, a cleaver that can recognize--you guessed  it--a perfect spot on the COVID-19 spike. Bats don't have this ability,  but human lung cells do.   Anyway, what happens is, after the COVID-19 virus attaches to the  human lung cell like glue, the human lung cell cleaves the COVID-19 in  this perfect spot, and only after this cleavage occurs can the virus  dump its genetic makeup into the human cell and take over the human  genetic machinery.   Now, just don't forget your ninth grade biology class. A virus needs  another organism to reproduce, and this COVID-19 virus, once it grabs a  human lung cell, it is not letting go until it takes over and starts to  multiply like rabbits. After one cell grabs hold and dumps its genetic  content, a chain reaction occurs that really reminds me of a nuclear  chain reaction. Once viral replication ignites, it is next to  impossible to stop.   There are more microbiology nuances we could talk about and why this  supervirus is not seemingly a virus from Mother Nature, but I think you  get my point. Yes, I could be wrong. I hope I am wrong. But only the  Wuhan labs have the data to prove me wrong, and I am afraid the data  that would prove me right or wrong has been forever destroyed.   The geographical origination of this virus is much less complex to  discuss. Today, all evidence points to the geographical start of this  virus from or in very close proximity to the Wuhan labs. The wet market  origination theory has been completely dismantled and is really nothing  more than the usual CCP propaganda and coverup that we have all seen  too often.   Now we know without any doubt that multiple infections predated the  January 2020 event surrounding the wet market theory, and all these  infections can be traced to a close proximity of the Wuhan labs. In  fact, U.S. intelligence reports recently confirmed what we have known  for months--that some WIV researchers were hospitalized as early as the  fall of 2019.   Just to be clear, these bats that are known to harbor this family of  viruses have a range of some 50 miles but live in caves in Yunnan  Province approximately 1,000 miles away from Wuhan. The chances of a  bat carrying this highly infectious virus 1,000 miles away without  leaving a trail of infections between Yunnan and the WIV would be like  the same person walking from New York to Kansas and being struck by  lightning seven times and surviving.   Again, China has the evidence to prove these theories wrong, and I  welcome that data. As a physician, a Senator, a father, and a  grandfather, we have to assume and prepare for the worst and judge the  situation based upon the body of evidence that best describes this  event. We have to get to the bottom of this regardless of whose fault  it is or isn't. We will need to know how to forgive. We will need to  make others take responsibility. But what we can't do is keep burying  our heads in the sand, which is why I am calling on the U.S. delegation  to the World Health Assembly meeting this week to do everything in  their power to ensure that a full and unrestricted international  scientific and forensic investigation into the origins will be  authorized and also for a parallel comprehensive, bipartisan Senate  investigation into the origins as well.   When that is finished, we need to take up the guardrails for viral  gain-of-function studies. But in the meantime, the American people-- really the entire world--deserve to know the answers to the origins of  the COVID-19 virus.   I yield the floor.   