 Madam President, a month after Janet Yellen made history  as the first woman to serve as Secretary of the Treasury, today we are  about to confirm another woman to step into a leading role in our  economy, Cecilia Rouse.   When she came before the Banking and Housing Committee, Dr. Rouse's  knowledge of our economy and her passion for service and her commitment  to the people who make this country work were obvious to all of us--to  the Presiding Officer who is on the committee, to Republicans, to  Democrats alike.   After a year when Black Americans have endured so many painful  reminders of the yawning gap between the promise of our founding  ideals, it is meaningful that our committee's first nomination--our  first nomination committee hearing in the Banking, Housing, and Urban  Affairs Committee--consider the nomination of two outstanding Black  women who will take leading roles in our economic recovery: Dr. Rouse,  and my Congresswoman, my Congresswoman in Cleveland, Marcia Fudge.   This matters on so many levels. It is important for our future that  little girls, including Black and Brown girls, see themselves in our  leaders, from the Vice President to our economic leaders. It matters  because of the perspectives and the life experiences these two women-- these two Black women--bring to these jobs.   Dr. Rouse has family ties in my State, roots deep into the Mahoning  Valley and Youngstown, and a real understanding of the people who make  this country work--all people.   The Council of Economic Advisers will also play a key role both in  helping our economy recover and in building a better economic system  out of this pandemic. Dr. Rouse is exactly whom we need at the helm.  She will help direct our Nation's economic policy to put Americans back  to work at better jobs with higher wages.   Millions of Americans are still out of work. Those job losses have  disproportionately fallen on low-wage workers, Black and Brown workers,  and women. Three million women--three million women have been forced  out of the paid labor force. At the same time, essential workers are  risking their health to go to work, while corporations still refuse, in  far too many cases, to pay them a living wage.   The minimum wage hasn't been raised in 14 years. Year after year-- year after year, Republicans in this Senate and the White House profess  to care about the working people in the heartland of this country, but  they refuse to give them a raise while they funnel tax cuts to the  CEOs.   My first speech in this body was in January 2007. Sitting in the  chair that Senator Sinema now sits in was Illinois freshman Democrat,  Barack Obama. He was not even running for President at that point.  Since we last raised the minimum wage, he was President 8 years and out  of office for more than 4. That is how long. So while Republicans  refuse to give raises, they funnel huge tax cuts to CEOs.   It is part of the same corporate elite mindset that treats American  workers as expendable instead of treating them as essential to our  country's success. And we have seen the results: The stock market goes  up, corporate profits or executive compensation explodes, and wages  stagnate, and the middle class continues to shrink.   Building Back Better--that is what Joe Biden is about, building back.  That is what Cecilia Rouse is all about. Building Back Better means  taking on that system. It means creating an economy, creating an  economy where hard work pays off for everyone, no matter who you are,  what kind of work you do, with a growing middle class that everyone can  aspire to; everyone has a chance to join.   This won't be the first time Dr. Rouse has helped us weather a  crisis. She served on the Council of Economic Advisers in 2009, after  the George Bush recession, during the Great Recession   Dr. Rouse has spent her career focusing on workers and ensuring that  this economy works for everyone. Her expertise, her leadership will  guide this administration and Congress, as we get to work not only to  recover from this pandemic but to build a better--just a better economy  for the future.   For too long, American workers haven't had anyone on their side in  the White House. That ends now. We saw it on Sunday night, with the  strongest statement from a President of the United States in support of  union organizing that we have seen in my lifetime. We see it in  President Biden's choice of Dr. Rouse to help guide our economy and  guide this rescue.   Cecilia Rouse understands we have the power to change how the economy  works. It rewards work instead of rewarding wealth. We create more jobs  at middle-class wages. We expand economic security and opportunity for  everyone. And we create a better system that honors the dignity of all  workers.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   