 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 447, the  National Apprenticeship Act, not opposition to the gold standard, labor  union apprenticeship programs.   Updating our national apprenticeship system is an important  discussion to have. However, this bill fails to deliver on the goal of  strengthening our registered apprenticeship system and expanding earn- and-learn opportunities for Americans across the Nation.   Our country's workforce is facing a unique crisis, and we must ensure  that our apprenticeship programs, the system is expanding in the  process. The apprenticeship system is up to the task to meet the needs  of our evolving workforce only as we move it forward.   For instance, the COVID-19 crisis has highlighted that connectivity  and the digital world are an integral part of our daily lives.  Developing a high-skilled workforce is critical as we seek to expand  technologies like broadband and 5G to underserved areas across the  country, including my own district in Michigan.   New research indicates winning the global race to 5G will create up  to 4.6 million jobs and contribute $1.7 trillion to the U.S. economy  over the next decade. However, unless the U.S. has a large enough and  properly trained workforce, we will not be able to fully reap the  economic and technological benefits of 5G.   Apprenticeships are a proven solution for meeting workforce needs,  especially in wireless technologies. Congress and the Department of  Labor should be laser focused on encouraging and incentivizing  apprenticeships for 5G and advanced wireless deployment.   Unfortunately, the bill we are considering would hinder the  flexibility of employers to create earn-and-learn programs to teach job  seekers the skills they need to build out and deploy the 5G and  wireless infrastructure America so desperately needs.    For these reasons, I must oppose and encourage all others to oppose  H.R. 447, and urge my colleagues to work on a bipartisan solution that  will empower workers and employers to create apprenticeships that are  responsive to our modern economy.   