 Madam Speaker, the Democrats have summoned us to the House  floor today to debate their unaffordable socialist spending bill. It is  rather novel for Congress to debate a bill that does not yet have final  legislative text, but. after suffering alarming electoral defeats  earlier this month, the Democrats appear desperate to save President  Biden's domestic agenda, regardless of the consequences. So, here we  are.   While the bill's actual provisions remain unclear, what is clear is  the Biden administration's zeal to permanently transform the American  economy. In an October press conference, White House Press Secretary  Jen Psaki went to great lengths to explain that the Democrats'  reconciliation spending bill is seen by the President as a vehicle to  remake the economy.   Biden seeks to ``do something historic that will fundamentally change  the economy,'' she declared. He's seeking to make ``fundamental  changes,'' she added. She later noted that the President seeks to  ``make fundamental change in our economy,'' ``change fundamentally how  we invest in our workforce,'' ``fundamentally change the economy,'' and  ``fundamentally change people's lives.''   We should take Psaki at her word--President Biden believes he has  found basic flaws in our economic system, and the solution is to inject  trillions of dollars into government programs.   Earlier this year, the President made a down payment on this  fundamental transformation when he signed into law the Democrats' $1.9  trillion so-called stimulus plan. The economic impact has been  staggering: gas prices are reaching record highs, our supply chain is  in crisis, small businesses are beset by a government-made labor  shortage, and skyrocketing inflation is making everyday life  unaffordable for working Americans.   The response from Democrats has been instructive. First, Democrats  denied that inflation existed at all. Then, they claimed Republicans  were exacerbating concerns over what they deemed ``transitory  inflation'' for political gain. Next, they said inflation was both not  transitory and, in fact, a good thing for the economy. Now, they accuse  Republicans of opposing their plan to tackle the inflation they claimed  was a good thing.   If inflation is indeed a good thing, then America is in luck--the  Democrats' Build Back Better agenda promises much more of it. It's as  if the Democrats are attempting to hyperinflate their way out of  inflation.   This unaffordable bill won't solve the problems the Democrats have  created. It won't lower energy prices, or tame inflation, or resolve  the supply chain crisis, or help Americans get back to work. To the  contrary, it's an ideological bill designed to implant socialism  irreversibly in the federal government.   The whole bill is a slap in the face to the American people.  Thankfully, however, this debate is just political theater, since we  all know the bill, whenever it is finally passed by House Democrats,  will die a quick death in the Senate.   