 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania (Ms.  Scanlon), my good friend, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. I  yield myself such time as I may consume.   Today's rule, Mr. Speaker, covers three items. I will begin my  remarks on a bipartisan note with the House amendment to S. 1605, the  vehicle for the agreement between the House and the Senate for the  National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022.   It has been a long road to get us to this point, Mr. Speaker, but  with this week's action, the House and Senate are poised to enact the  NDAA for the 61st consecutive year. This is quite an accomplishment,  and one that could not have been possible but for the bipartisan  cooperation in the House and the Senate.   It didn't always look promising. At the beginning of the process,  President Biden proposed a defense budget that would deeply underfund  our national defense. Chronic underfunding of defense was the hallmark  of the Obama-Biden administration, a trend that was thankfully reversed  by President Trump and a Republican Congress.   With his first budget, President Biden appeared poised to return to  the previous sorry state of affairs. Fortunately, a bipartisan group of  legislators on the Armed Services Committee rejected this approach,  ensuring an increase in defense funding that would be sufficient to  meet the country's needs. This increase garnered overwhelming  bipartisan support in the committee, allowing the NDAA to be reported  out on a 57-2 vote, and extending to final passage out of the House,  with a bipartisan 316-113 vote.   At a glance, it is easy to see why. The United States and our allies  face significant threats around the globe. We see this every day in  trouble spots around the world, ranging from the Middle East, to  Afghanistan, to the Taiwan Strait. Between Russian adventurism in  Eastern Europe, Chinese development of new hypersonic missiles and  saber rattling against Taiwan, and the ongoing threat posed by  extremist terror organizations like al-Qaida and the Islamic State,  this is not the time to underfund our national defense.   Fortunately, the 2022 NDAA will adequately fund our defense needs and  set clear priorities for our Armed Forces. The bill before us funds  continued acquisition of ships to ensure the United States Navy can  meet its mission. It funds the procurement and development of new  weapons systems, which ensures that our military will be prepared to  meet new and emerging challenges in the coming years. It provides our  servicemembers with a 2.7 percent pay raise.   And perhaps most important of all, it includes many provisions  designed to provide much-needed oversight of President Biden's bungled  withdrawal from Afghanistan. America deserves answers about decisions  that were made and the resulting failures of leadership that occurred  at all levels. Thanks to this bill, they can be assured that they will  get them.   Our second item is the House amendment to S. 610, which addresses  Medicare sequestration. While most of the Members on both sides of the  aisle would agree that a resolution of this problem is necessary, I  fear today's bill is a missed opportunity for bipartisanship.   Rather than pursuing a clean, bipartisan deal, we have a bill which  includes provisions addressing the debt ceiling and delaying the paygo  cuts from the majority's partisan reconciliation bill earlier this  year.   Mr. Speaker, 2 months ago Democrats passed a measure to increase the  debt ceiling, leading us to the deadline we face today. At that time,  Republicans told Democrats two things which I think bear repeating.  First, Democrats needed to step back from their massive partisan  spending priorities. And second, they needed to work with the  Republicans on solutions to our ever-increasing, structurally  imbalanced debt.   Instead, Democrats have doubled down on their spending habits without  using reconciliation to address the debt ceiling. Earlier this year,  the majority passed a $1.9 trillion reconciliation bill with only  Democratic votes. Last month, the House passed another partisan  reconciliation bill, with only Democratic votes, which may ultimately  cost us as much as $4.5 trillion.   Even if you take the Democrats at their word and accept their claim  that these measures are fully paid for, all the new revenues this  legislation claims to raise do nothing to address the existing $29  trillion national debt. They just go to new programs overwhelmingly  designed to benefit the wealthy and liberal special interests.   Both of these measures are larded up with more spending, more  taxation, and more Big Government control over the lives of everyday  Americans. And these measures come on top of normal Federal spending  and on top of the trillions of dollars appropriated last year and  earlier this year to address the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent  economic crisis.   After continuing to spend money in such a reckless and partisan  manner, it is deeply disappointing that the Democratic leadership in  the House and Senate waited until now to address the  [[Page H6924]]  debt ceiling. Waiting until this point has placed the House in an  awkward position, resulting in today's unfortunate bill.    Additionally, the paygo cuts due to be implemented next month, due  mostly to the Democrats' first reconciliation bill, are not addressed.  Instead, they are delayed until the end of 2022, setting up an even  bigger crisis at that time.   Finally, the House is also considering H.R. 5314, which the majority  is calling the Protecting Our Democracy Act. This is a package of  purported reforms relating to Presidential power and foreign  interference in elections. But the reality is that this package is an  attempt by the majority to write into law supposed solutions to every  complaint they ever had about the previous President.   The best thing I can say about this package is that it is  duplicative. Many of the provisions included in this package have  already passed the House as part of the majority's previous purported  reform packages, notably including H.R. 1.   But not content with having passed these partisan provisions  previously, the majority is pushing ahead with today's package. This is  such a waste of time for this institution. At a time when the American  people are deeply concerned about inflation and the weak economy, and  when we are seeing the consequences of President Biden's weak  leadership, both domestically and abroad, the majority is once again  wasting time by talking about the last administration. I can think of  countless other ways we could and should be spending our time that  would be more productive and would deliver better results for our  constituents.   Mr. Speaker, this is a sorry state of affairs. I continue to hope  that the majority will shift its focus back to where it should be.  Governing in a deeply partisan manner may be satisfying to their base,  but it is hardly productive for the American people.   Mr. Speaker, I urge opposition to this rule, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the  rule to immediately bring up H.R. 1995, the Protecting Our Communities  From Gang Violence Act of 2021. This bill would make alien gang members  inadmissible to the United States and deportable. It would also  authorize revoking the citizenship of certain naturalized individuals  who are members of a criminal gang, and it would ensure that  individuals associated with criminal gangs are ineligible for asylum or  temporary protected status.   Mr. Speaker, gang violence continues to be a scourge on American  communities, threatening the lives and livelihoods of ordinary,  hardworking Americans. Certain gangs, like MS-13, operate  internationally, bringing violence from overseas to the United States.  If enacted, H.R. 1995 would ensure the Federal Government has an  appropriate response to gang members and wrongdoers who seek to enter  the United States or who have taken advantage of our broken immigration  system to cause chaos in our communities.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Rutherford), a fellow appropriator and former sheriff, to  further explain the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Minnesota (Mr. Stauber), my good friend, a former police officer, and a  member of the Law Enforcement Caucus, to provide further information  about the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. Hartzler), my good friend and one of  the recognized experts on defense in the Congress.    Mr. Speaker, we have at least one, I think perhaps two, if  the gentleman can make it back in time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Burgess), my good friend, a fellow member of the Rules Committee  and distinguished member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce.    Mr. Speaker, we are still waiting for a speaker, but I  would inquire of the gentlewoman if she is prepared to close, we will  go ahead and close.   Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, before I get into my prepared remarks and close, just in  response to my good friend's last remark, I want her to be aware, we  don't have an appropriations bill or budget because my friends,  frankly, have riddled what happened in the Appropriations Committee  with poison pills, taking out the Hyde protections. We have been  waiting to negotiate that. Our friends have refused to do that.   It has been extended now to February 18. I hope that we meet that  deadline and that we actually do get an agreed-upon appropriations  bill. If we do, I would be happy to support it, as I have so many years  in the past.   Mr. Speaker, in passing a final, bipartisan, bicameral version of the  NDAA, we are fulfilling our responsibility to provide for the common  defense. This would mark the 61st year in a row that Congress has  passed a final NDAA, and I celebrate that fact.   This year's bill increases defense spending to a level commensurate  with our needs, unlike the President's budget. It ensures a needed pay  raise for our troops and ensures that the warfighters of tomorrow will  have the weapons and capabilities they need. It will also provide  needed oversight over the President's debacle in Afghanistan and will  ensure that the American people receive the answers they deserve.   I want to publicly commend Chairman Smith and Ranking Member Rogers  for working so well together in a bipartisan fashion and also commend  their negotiating counterparts in the United States Senate, Chairman  Reed and Ranking Member Inhofe, for cooperating and bringing this  important measure before us. I certainly hope we can pass it and move  forward from there.   Today's rule, unfortunately, also advances a measure to address  Medicaid sequestration. This is a bill that could and should have been  bipartisan but instead must be used to address the Democratic  leadership's failure to resolve the debt ceiling vote. That is sad.  Democratic leaders have chosen to divide us when they could have chosen  a different course that would have united us in a bipartisan agreement.  Hopefully, they will learn from that lesson.   Finally, this rule also advances a highly partisan and unnecessary  collection of purported government reforms,  [[Page H6927]]  many of which are duplicative of measures that have previously passed  the House. I urge the majority to rethink these measures.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous  question and ``no'' on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   