 Mr. President, I want to address a topic this afternoon  here in the U.S. Senate that I believe not enough people are talking  about. It is something that I certainly heard a lot about when I was  back home in Alaska, and I think it is something that millions of  Americans are talking about.   But nobody here on the Senate floor is talking about, but we should  be because this goes to constitutional authority, and it goes to what I  believe means to be an American--freedom, liberty, and it is this: the  Executive order that the President--President Biden issued mandating  vaccinations for both Federal contractors and private employers.   In essence, what he has said in this Executive order--we are still  waiting on the rule--is that employers need to have people who are  vaccinated--all their employees by a certain date or they are going to  be fired.   That is the President of the United States saying he has that power  to force employers to make their employees decide between a vaccination  or putting food on the table for their families. Vaccination or you are  fired.   We are not talking about that, and this is unprecedented-- unprecedented. Never before has a President claimed the authority to  actually do this. The military is a different exception. Private  employers who have some connection to the Federal Government or  otherwise, tell your employees: Get vaccinated or you are fired.   And the President of the United States is claiming the constitutional  authority to do that.   I don't even think it is a close call. I don't even think it is a  close call. Never been done before, and I don't even think it is a  close call whether the President has the constitutional authority to do  this.   Think about, if he did, what this could mean for power in other  realms that the executive branch or President would have.   Now, I will stipulate right here, I am vaccinated. I have encouraged  others to get a vaccine in consultation with their doctors. We all want  to put this pandemic behind us, no doubt about it. The vaccinations  help with that. But that doesn't mean there should be an excuse to look  the other way when the President is acting in an unconstitutional  manner.   And there are many reasons, certainly with regard to my constituents,  that people might be hesitating with regard to a vaccine. Some of them  have health conditions that preclude them from taking a vaccine. Some  of them may have serious religious objections to the vaccine. Some of  them have histories of abuse and don't trust the Federal Government or  the medical establishment. Some of them have dug in their heels and  believe the government simply doesn't have the right to tell them what  substance to put in their bodies.   The President of the United States is taking this unprecedented--and  it is unprecedented--action: Get a vaccine or the Federal Government  will mandate you get fired.   It is not just in my view unconstitutional, but it shows contempt for  hard-working Americans; contempt that I see percolating again and again  among some in the far left.   Think about it. You don't say what you think we should say, you are  fired. You work for an industry that used to power America but now is  out of favor with some on the left--oil, gas, coal, especially in  Alaska, as the Presiding Officer knows--we will shut down your business  and we will make sure your employees are fired. You speak your mind  about an issue, you are fired. You don't take a vaccine, you are fired.   Oh, by the way, I think the Federal deadline on the vaccination put  out by the President is December 8. So you are going to be fired right  before the holidays.   Now, as you know, this is a 180-degree turn--180 about-face--with  regard to what this body did last year.   What do I mean?   So we worked in a bipartisan way during 2020, when the pandemic hit,  particularly the CARES Act. I think every U.S. Senator voted for that.  But the other relief that we worked hard on, Democrats and  Republicans--when the historians look back at 2020, there are going to  be a lot of things, but I think one good thing is they are going to say  the Congress of the United States came together, no playbook--we  certainly had never seen this before--came together to help the  American people; Democrats, Republicans, the President--that was  President Trump--on relief.   And here is the thing. This is why I mean it is a 180-degree turn.  One of the core principles of all the relief packages that we passed  last year--the aviation relief packages that helped our airlines, the  PPP--throughout all the relief bills that passed this body in a  bipartisan way, one critical component was we need to make sure  employers and employees stay connected.   Almost all the relief said: All right. Airline industry, we can't let  you go under. You have got to stay safe in terms of the ability to fly  for the American people. You are going to get billions and billions and  billions in relief, but you can't fire your employees. You have to keep  them connected.   The PPP, the estimates are tens of millions of Americans kept their  jobs because of that program. You got relief, small business in  America, but you can't fire your employees. That was the agreement.  That is what we worked on. That was the core principle that helped us  get through the pandemic economically.   Joe Biden is taking a sledge hammer to that connection. It is  actually the exact opposite. We are still challenged by the pandemic.  Our economy is still challenged.   But what is he doing?   If you don't listen to Joe Biden, private employers in America, you  have to fire your employees.   That is exactly the opposite of how this body worked across the  aisle, Democrats and Republicans, and the previous President. The  approach was this: We are going to help you, but you have to keep your  employees. That is the right approach. That is the right approach, and  yet no one is talking about this new approach from the new President:  Do what I say, even though I don't have the constitutional authority.  You have to get a mandate, even though I don't have the constitutional  authority. And if you don't, I am going to make sure private employers  fire their employees--oh, right before Christmas.   Doesn't anyone have a problem with this?   Well, I have a problem with this. And, again, I think people should  get vaccinated. I just don't think the President of the United States  has the constitutional authority to tell Americans: Do it or you are  going to get fired.   So here is what I hope. I have been reaching out to some of our  business leaders to make a respectful request, and it is this: You  don't want to fire your employees. Heck, this country doesn't have  enough people who are working right now.   You have the Biden economy, which is long lines, superhigh energy  prices, people who aren't working, and empty shelves. We need more  workers. We certainly don't need the President of the United States  telling employers: Fire your people prior to Christmas, but that is  what he is doing.   So here is what I think, respectfully, our business leaders should be  doing. They should be looking and remembering what we did last year.  For example, if you are an airline executive, we all worked really hard  to make sure we continued to have air service for America and it was  safe and that you kept your employees.   So what our business leaders should be doing is saying respectfully:  Mr. President, it is highly unlikely you have this authority, and I  don't want to fire my employees.   The best business leaders I know are very loyal to their employees.   So hold off. Don't fire them because Joe Biden says you have to. In  the litigation that is going to play out in this country, he almost  certainly is going to lose--almost certainly. I don't think there is a  court in America that says that the President of the United States,  without Congress's permission or passing a law--that the President of  the United States on his own--has the  [[Page S7028]]  power to go to private sector employees and say: Your employees have to  get vaccinated or you, Mr. Employer, have to fire them.   I think the President is going to lose that case in every court in  America. So if you are a business leader, here is my respectful  request: Hold off. Wait for the litigation to play out, and don't fire  your employees because the President has told you to because they  haven't gotten vaccinated before Christmas.   You know, we are already starting to see this. Some business leaders  are taking a different approach, not this ``Do what I said or you are  fired.'' They are offering financial incentives, hiring medical  advisers to talk to their employees. They are allowing medical and  religious exemptions. They are offering testing as an alternative to  forcing the vaccine on their workers. And I read about one today. I  have had discussions with others who are saying: Look, it is not our  intention to fire employees right before Christmas.   These are the leaders who are saying they value and trust their  employees, like what we did last year. Here is significant relief,  businesses in America, but don't fire your employees. As a matter of  fact, you can't if you accept this aid--which they didn't.   So these are the leaders who value their employees. And, at the end  of the day, this is the approach that is going to work. It is going to  work better for all of us--for these businesses, their workers, their  communities, and our country.   I wish the President would take note of this, but right now he seems  hell-bent on doing a 180 from what we did last year, and that was  encouraging businesses to work through the pandemic while keeping their  employees, not ordering in an unconstitutional manner the firing of  employees because Joe Biden said so.   I yield the floor.   