 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, please inform the White House that there is a crisis  along our southern border. That is why defeating the previous question  is so important, so we can take up this amendment.   More than 1 billion undocumented immigrants crossed the southern  border this year, including hundreds of thousands in the last several  months. It is the highest level in years. In the most recent  accounting, over 15,000 illegal immigrants, the majority originating  from the country of Haiti, were camped under a bridge in Del Rio. They  had no food. They had no water. They had no sanitation. They had no  shelter.   The Biden administration admitted in 12,000 of these migrants and  Secretary Mayorkas admitted that not a single one was vaccinated or  tested for the coronavirus.   It is unconscionable that thousands of migrants continue to stream  across our border without being tested while the Biden administration  implements mandates for masks and mandates for vaccines for American  citizens. But this not only contradicts the guidance from our public  health authorities, but it puts American citizens at risk and their  communities in danger.   Madam Speaker, I have offered amendments several times throughout  consideration of the reconciliation bill that we previously passed, the  America Rescue Plan, and during the markup of the Build Back Better  plan in the Energy and Commerce Committee to provide funding for and  require testing of migrants entering along our southern border. Every  time Democrats voted against this commonsense amendment.   So it is hypocritical to declare that Americans must take  precautions, Americans must be subject to mandates to protect public  health, while allowing non-Americans, noncitizens, to roam free into  the country without so much as a temperature check.   Representative Miller-Meeks' bill will require a negative coronavirus  test before any immigrant without proper documentation can be released  from custody. As you know, currently the procedure is catch and  release.    Madam Speaker, this Nation was built by immigrants. And  we take in, legally and lawfully, over a million immigrants each year;  more than any other country. But those seeking to come here must follow  our laws, must follow our current regulations.   Unfortunately, they do not get to cross the border just because they  want to; they must acquire proper documentation and take precautions to  protect public health, as is currently required by all other Americans  by the Biden administration.   Madam Speaker, so I urge my fellow Members to vote against the  previous question so we can immediately take up this important bill.    Madam Speaker, the gentleman will notice that the  primary county that I represent, Denton County, has a significantly  higher vaccination rate because we put together a vaccine hub at Texas  Motor Speedway. We are very grateful for the participation of all  members of the community.   