 Mr. Speaker, emails--as this headline says from Wendell  Husebo--emails show Anthony Fauci scrambled at the beginning of the  pandemic to determine the potential U.S. role in funding coronavirus  research abroad, and that was because he provided money to a firm that  provided money to the Wuhan lab.   As this points out, after Fauci made that comment that we didn't do  that, a couple months later, the man responsible for steering U.S.  Government funding to the Wuhan Institution of Virology, Peter Daszak,  the president of EcoHealth Alliance, thanked Dr. Fauci on April 18,  2020, for publicly dismissing the theory coronavirus may have leaked  from that lab to which they furnished money.   Here is another story from the same person. Anthony Fauci said in  released emails: Drugstore masks are not really effective.   He told us, Oh, gosh, you know, we need to be taking a mask,  everybody should be wearing a mask, but that was only after he had been  against it before he became for it.   And this points out and quotes him as just being one of the biggest  hypocrites. And in fact, that he completely lied to the American  people, because he says that ``Masks are really for infected people . .  . '' He goes on further: ``The typical mask you buy in the drugstore is  not really effective . . . '' and he says, ``I do not recommend that  you wear a mask, particularly since you are going to a very low risk  location. Your instincts are correct, money is best spent on medical  countermeasures such as diagnostics and vaccines.''   But as Fauci emails show, the U.S. scientists knew COVID looked  engineered only days before insisting that the virus was natural. And  that is another one of the reasons that Representative Taylor Greene  filed the Fire Fauci Act, and I would encourage people to get on board.   But the virologist who told Fauci that SARS-CoV-2 potentially looked  engineered--he eliminated his Twitter account. That article is June  7th.   And then we find out that ``weight-adjusted hydroxychloroquine and  azithromycin boosted survival of ventilated COVID-19 patients by 200  percent,'' according to a study. We have had hundreds of thousands of  Americans who have died while Fauci and others belittled a  hydroxychloroquine regimen, and the good that it could do, and the good  it has done for most of those who have taken it.   So we know that in the 1950s President Eisenhower said: No, we got no  U-2 flights going over the Soviet Union. And they shot one down. He had  to go on TV and say: I am sorry, I lied. I am very sorry, I thought I  was doing the right thing by the country.   In the 1960s, President Kennedy, he went on television, and said: I  am sorry. It is my fault, basically, that people died in the Bay of  Pigs invasion.   But who is going to come forward and say, you know what, this was my  fault? It is not going to be Fauci. We don't know if it will be  President Biden, but somebody owes a big apology to the American  people.   