 Mr. Speaker, one thing has been made absolutely clear in  last's month abysmal jobs report: More government spending, bigger  mandates and regulations, incentivizing people to stay on unemployment,  and punishing States that encourage small mom and pops to reopen is not  the way to Build Back Better. It is time for us to pursue policies that  put Americans back to work.   All the so-called experts and economic forecasters wanted to believe  so hard that the massive $1.9 trillion spending package that the  Speaker and President Biden rammed through Congress was going to be the  answer. But the truth always prevails. That is why, for the first time  in Congress, Democrats actually joined Republicans on a major piece of  legislation in voting against that sham of a bill. But it passed  anyway.   When Republicans stood up on this floor to explain line item by line  item what was wrong with that bill and why this was the wrong approach,  we got attacked by our colleagues on the other side of the aisle for  everything imaginable. But once again, we were proven right. The  Speaker and President Biden were proven wrong.   Now, they are wanting to do this all over again with infrastructure.  The current infrastructure proposal being put forward not only adds  trillions of dollars in spending on top of the $1.9 trillion Congress  has already approved to be spent in the previous spending spree, but  now the solution is paying for it by raising taxes. Once again, the  American people are being lied to about who is actually going to be  affected by those tax hikes.   The spinmasters are trying to paint a picture that equates the big  evil word ``corporation'' as big-box players and tech behemoths such as  Amazon, Netflix, and Facebook. But here is the truth, the term  ``corporation'' is really only a tax designation for a business entity.  Corporations include your local mom-and-pop restaurant. It includes the  local corner street pharmacy. It includes the farms that supply the  local farmers markets. It is the local fishermen, the family-run dance  studio, the store that sells football uniforms to the local high school  team, the music instructor helping prepare kids for the next concert,  and the guy who scraped together his earnings and started a plumbing  business.   While the progressive left wants to take swipes at major billionaire  companies through extreme taxation, they are bringing all of us along  with them. We are all going to be paying more.   At a time when our economy has continued to rebound from the COVID-19  pandemic, we should be encouraging small businesses to reopen, rehire  workers, and spur our local economies, not punishing them with more  taxes and more regulations.   America's small businesses and our middle-class workers deserve much  better than this. I know we can and will do better if my colleagues  across the aisle choose to work with us in earnest. Let's stop this  political grandstanding for the majority and get to work.   Republicans are waiting, and we are willing.   