 Mr. President, I want to start by thanking the senior  Senator from Delaware for his longtime persistence in making sure that  this Congress ultimately does the right thing and makes the District of  Columbia the 51st State.   I want to thank Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton for representing  the people of the District of Columbia so ably. She deserves a vote in  the House of Representatives just like every other Member of the House  of Representatives from the 50 States. The District of Columbia  deserves two Senators right here in the U.S. Congress.   I want to thank President Biden for saying that if this Senate will  just get this bill to his desk, he will sign that piece of legislation  and make sure that these people in the District of Columbia are  represented as every other citizen in the 50 States is currently  represented.   All of us come to this floor and we hear our colleagues on both sides  of the aisle talking about the importance of democracy overseas. We  criticize China, rightly, when it begins to snuff out the right to vote  in Hong Kong. We criticize the authoritarian rulers in Belarus when  they clamp down on freedom. We look around the world, and we try our  best to establish a standard for standing up for the principle of  democracy. We are not always consistent. We are not always constant in  that message, but we make an effort to do that. We need to look in the  mirror and make that same effort right here at home.   I hear so many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  talking about the importance of democracy around the world, but when it  comes to granting the people in the District of Columbia the full  rights of a democracy--the right to two votes in the Senate and a vote  in the House--they are not there.   The people of the District of Columbia are fed up and tired of the  hypocrisy. They are even more fed up about what my friend and  colleague, the Senator from Virginia, was just talking about--the fact  that they contribute in every way to our country but are denied the  right to have voting representation in the House and the Senate.   As the Senator from Virginia said and others have said, a founding  principle of our revolution was the idea that nobody should be subject  to taxation without representation. The Senator from Virginia talked  about Patrick Henry, and there are others who we know established that  principle. Here in the Nation's Capital, the people of the District of  Columbia pay higher taxes than those in 22 other States; yet they don't  have a vote in the House or two Senators to represent them.   They have also had people who served in every one of our wars, who  spilled blood for this country. Yet, while they helped to protect our  democracy from threats abroad, they don't have the right here, in our  democracy, to cast those votes for voting representatives in the House  and the Senate.   This is not a partisan issue. We know it shouldn't be. We know that  if every Member put on a blindfold and just said that the people of the  District of Columbia deserve a vote without thinking of the political  outcome, the people of the District of Columbia would have a State.   As others have pointed out, two States have smaller populations, but  they have two Senators who can cast votes here in this Chamber. The  State of Wyoming and the State of Vermont are both smaller population- wise than the District of Columbia, but they have those rights and  representatives here in the U.S. Senate.   We should move forward with the State of Washington, Douglass  Commonwealth, and to hear our Republican colleagues oppose this idea,  since they don't want to take it on the principle of democracy--we have  heard some absurd reasons given for why the District of Columbia should  not be a State. Here are a few. And if anybody doubts that Republican  Members in the House or Senate have said these things, I will be happy  to show it to you.  [[Page S3406]]    We have heard from Members of Congress that people of the District of  Columbia don't deserve statehood because it doesn't have a landfill. We  have heard that the District of Columbia shouldn't be given statehood  because it needs more car dealerships. First, they said: Well, it can't  be a State because it has no car dealerships, but now it doesn't have  enough of them. Others have said: Well, because it lacks a mining  industry, how could it possibly be a State? And then most recently, we  heard that it would be unfair to give the people of the District of a  Columbia a State here because their representatives would have an  unfair advantage. They would have special superpowers because they  would be so close to this Capitol that they would somehow be able to  get an unfair leg up on everybody else here in the U.S. Senate.    These are reasons that Republican House Members and Senators have  given for denying the people of the District of Columbia the right to  statehood. We all know what they are. It is just a wall of excuses in  their trying to obfuscate and prevent us from getting to the main  issue. If you don't want to talk about the principle of democracy,  change the subject.   The real concern, as we know, is that the people of the District of  Columbia will cast votes for representatives in the House and Senate  who they think best reflect their interests, and they believe that, in  the current situation, those seats will go to Democratic Members in the  Senate and the House.   As my colleagues have said, the District of Columbia is comprised of  a majority of people of color, and the Senator from Virginia talked  about the history of that having been an impediment to the admission of  some other States in the past before the country did the right thing.  We have the power to do the right thing.   I have here a letter from 39 constitutional scholars affirming our  authority to make the District of Columbia the 51st State. We should do  it.   Frederick Douglass once noted that the District of Columbia was ``one  spot where there is no government for the people, of the people, and by  the people.'' His words are a call from history--a call that demands  that we reflect on this act of selective disenfranchisement that has  been happening for generations and which is still happening to this day  right outside of this building right now. Let us change that today. Let  us change that and make this the 51st State and name it in honor of  Frederick Douglass.   I yield the floor.   