 Mr. President, before I speak, I ask unanimous consent  that myself, Senator Braun, and Senator Hirono be able to complete our  remarks before the vote.    Mr. President, I want to compliment that the Commodity  Futures Trading Commission operates a highly successful whistleblower  program. As one of the Senators who led the effort to establish that  whistleblower program back in 2010, I am proud of what this program has  accomplished.   Since the Commission issued its first whistleblower award in 2014,  whistleblowers have helped the Agency root out waste, fraud, and abuse  in the commodities trading industry and has recovered nearly $950  million. That is a very good reason to compliment the Commodity Futures  Trading Commission. That is a lot of restitution for harmed investors.  It is also a lot of money going to the U.S. Treasury and to the  American taxpayers.   Now, if Congress doesn't act quickly, all of that progress could come  to a swift and sudden halt.   Several months ago, the Commission contacted my office to tell me  that its whistleblower program is facing the prospect of a sudden cash  shortage--one that could require it to furlough staff and even close  down its operations.   The reason for this potential shortage isn't that the whistleblower  program has wasted or mismanaged funds or that it hasn't been doing its  job. It is just the exact opposite. Whistleblowers have been  approaching the Commission to report actionable claims of wrongdoing in  far greater numbers than before, and its whistleblower program has  grown at a much faster rate than Congress expected when we created it  in 2010.   Last year, the Commission issued a single whistleblower award for  approximately $9 million. In the past, it has given out awards for as  much as $30 million. Remember, this is money given out to find out  about fraud so people can be punished, bringing money into the Federal  Treasury.   As a result of these successes, in the near future the Commission  faces the possibility of having to pay out several large whistleblower  awards in close succession. Now, if that happens, the whistleblower  program could run short of having the cash on hand that it needs to pay  these awards and other office operating expenses. Again, this is not an  issue of bad management. It just means that the program works better  than we thought when we enacted it in 2010.   By law, the Commission is only allowed to keep a certain amount of  cash on hand to pay out awards, and that amount is capped under  existing law at $100 million. Because Congress expected the program to  remain relatively small, which it has not, it set the cap for the  Consumer Protection Fund lower than the cap it has set for larger  whistleblower programs, such as the one at the Securities and Exchange  Commission.   The Consumer Protection Fund is also used to pay the operating  expenses of the Whistleblower Office--in other words, the employees  that follow up on these fraudulent claims.   Increasing the cap will ensure that the Commission can keep enough of  the proceeds from the fines it collects on hand to pay whistleblower  awards and also to ensure that the program itself doesn't run out of  money.   In 2019, I introduced the Whistleblower Programs Improvement Act,  which increased the cap on the fund and made several additional  improvements to the program, including provisions that would allow the  Commission greater flexibility to share information with law  enforcement.   I did this because I realized that as the awards became bigger and  more frequent, it was only a matter of time before the Commission would  run into trouble. A year later, my prediction came true, and the  Commission itself notified me of their impending money problems--those  same money problems I am talking about.   I introduced a bipartisan bill, along with Senators Hassan, Ernst,  and Baldwin, in December, just a few months ago, to quickly address  this problem. I worked with then-Chairman Roberts and then-Ranking  Member Stabenow to include language that would have made the most  critical updates for the program in last year's omnibus. These updates  would have ensured that the Whistleblower Office could keep enough  funds on hand to pay upcoming whistleblower awards and continue to fund  the operation and to pay for staff.   What often happens around here is that this effort, unfortunately,  also hit a roadblock, and the language wasn't included by the House of  Representatives. Now, 2 months have passed since then and a matter that  was already urgent in December has become even more critical right now.   The Commission told my office they have now completely stopped work  on four cases, and these four cases potentially would have large  awards. And if they get these large awards, it could bankrupt the fund.  It is now a conflict of interest for staff who are still paid to even  work on those cases because they know if they were to approve the large  awards, it could mean putting themselves out of a job. That is totally  unacceptable. Whistleblowers shouldn't have to wait just because  Congress has been dragging its feet on this issue. That is why I  reintroduced my bill and ask my colleagues to support this legislation  to fix the cap and to protect this very successful whistleblower  program.    This is a stand-alone bill, a very short and simple bill. It  increases the cap on the Customer Protection Fund from $100 million to  $150 million and requires that funds needed for the operating expenses  of the Whistleblower Office be held in a separate account to ensure  that the Whistleblower Office will have the resources it needs to  continue employment of staff while the amount in the Customer  Protection Fund builds to a higher level.   Allowing this successful Whistleblower Office to close simply because  it is doing its job--a job well done--is unacceptable to me, and I hope  it is unacceptable to the other 99 Members of this Congress. We ought  to be able to get this bill passed quickly so that we can keep this  successful whistleblower program going to protect the customers. It  ought to be unacceptable, then, to every Member of this Congress. It is  important that we act now to ensure that this doesn't happen. That is  why I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this  bipartisan legislation.   I yield the floor.   