 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, Juneteenth is an important day, and remembering and  celebrating the emancipation of African Americans in the United States  is certainly worthy of commemoration. All Americans should celebrate  our fight for freedom.   It is a fitting tribute first celebrated in the State of Texas to  commemorate the day in 1865, when President Abraham Lincoln's  Emancipation Proclamation was recognized in that State.   I do plan to vote in favor of this bill that passed unanimously in  the Senate yesterday. However, I would be remiss if I did not discuss  the procedure leading up to consideration of this legislation.   Just a few mere hours ago, the Committee on Oversight and Reform,  which has jurisdiction over Federal holidays in the Federal workforce,  learned that this legislation would be taken up today. Our committee's  job is to ensure the efficient and effective operation of the executive  branch agencies.   Unfortunately, we have not had ample time to consider the effects of  granting the entire Federal workforce another day off work. And we do  not know what effect, if any, this bill will have on Federal programs  and missions that our government delivers to the American taxpayer each  day.    For instance, due to the rushed process, we do not yet have an  estimate from the Congressional Budget Office of how much this bill  will cost. I know my friends on the other side of the aisle have never  really been concerned about the cost of a government program, but the  people on this side of the aisle and the American taxpayers have a  concern about the cost of legislation that we pass on the floor of the  House of Representatives.   According to a 2014 analysis by President Obama's Office of  Management and Budget, it cost Federal taxpayers $660 million in  payroll and holiday premium costs when Federal employees were given an  extra holiday on the day after Christmas that year by executive order.   Because we are not following regular order, which would have included  a legislative hearing and committee markup, we do not fully understand  the impacts of this new Federal holiday and the true costs of lost  productivity.   Nevertheless, I thank my colleagues for the time to speak on this  historical legislation.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Weber).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Higgins).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Roy).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Davidson).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Massie).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I join my House colleagues in recognizing the significance of  Juneteenth as a national holiday. This is significant legislation. The  vast majority of  [[Page H2871]]  States already recognize the day as a holiday, or observe it, and  establishing a Federal holiday mostly impacts the Federal workforce. I,  therefore, support moving forward to designate this new Federal  holiday. It is a day worthy of all Americans' support.   I want to congratulate those who have worked so hard to make this  happen.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   