 Mr. President, just minutes after the attack of January 6  began, I said it was not only unpatriotic, it was un-American. I do not  need to be convinced that what happened on that day was the disgraceful  work of a treasonous criminal mob. But seeing images of that attack  stirred up anger in me, anger that our Nation was embarrassed in the  eyes of the world by our own citizen; anger that Capitol Police  officers that my family and I know personally had to deal with these  low-lives; anger that janitorial and food service staff I have gotten  to know--many who came to America to get away from countries with  political violence--had to clean up the mess left behind by these  cretins.   But, if we have learned anything this week, it should be how  dangerous it is to allow anger to influence actions.   The lead House Manager argued today that this trial isn't about  Donald  [[Page S769]]  Trump, that it was about our country, and that those who refuse to vote  to convict are condoning the actions of a violent mob and failing to  defend the honor of our Capitol and the people who work here. This is a  ridiculous and insulting argument.   Impeachment is not a way of sending a message or taking symbolic  action. Impeachment exists for one principal reason: to remove from  office an officeholder guilty of wrongdoing. And claiming that anyone  who doesn't vote to convict someone no longer in office is the  equivalent of supporting a criminal mob is nothing but hyperpartisan  politicians masquerading as highminded prosecutors trying to smear  their political opponents.   The Senate does not have the constitutional power to convict a former  official, and even if we did, we should be very reluctant to use it. In  the 244-year history of our Republic, we have never convicted and  disqualified a former official in an impeachment trial. Doing so now  would create a new precedent, and it would weaponize impeachment in a  way we will come to regret.   The day will come when a future Congress, one with a new majority in  the House filled with new Members elected on the promise of holding  accountable leaders of the opposite part, will give in to these  passions and impeach a former official. The Senate will then find  itself conducting a trial of that former official, a trial justified by  the precedent we are asked to set here today, and a Senate tempted to  convict by the tantalizing opportunity to disqualify that official from  future public office.   My fear of creating dangerous precedents is not new. Two years ago, I  was accused by some in my party of being a traitor because I opposed  using an emergency declaration to fund a border wall that I supported.  I warned then that a future Democratic President would do the same  thing to fund a Green New Deal. And now, just 2 years later, leading  Democrats are calling for that very thing.   The lead manager admitted today that, for the Democrats and their  enablers working in the legacy media, the purpose of this trial was not  to hold the former President accountable. The real purpose of this  trial was to tar and feather not just the rioters, but anyone who  supported the former President and any Senator who refuses to vote to  convict.   I voted to acquit former President Trump because I will not allow my  anger over the criminal attack of January 6 nor the political  intimidation from the left to lead me into supporting a dangerous  constitutional precedent.   The election is over. A new President is in the White House, and a  new Congress has been sworn in. Let history and, if necessary, the  courts judge the events of the past. We should be focused on the  serious challenges of the present and preparing our country to confront  the serious tests it will face in the future.   