 Madam Speaker, I was in Minneapolis the Saturday that  speech was given, so to say that it wasn't analogous, I think, is  fairly uncertain. The entire town was a tinderbox.   So as we continue to move through this, I would appreciate a little  less of the self-righteous indignation. What is really damaging here  and what is really unfortunate is that we have abandoned any  recognition of institutional integrity, any pretense of fairness, any  notion that something should be above partisanship.   Because I got news--and I believe this--I thought what was said in  Minneapolis doesn't rise to incitement of violence. Jury tampering,  possibly. Irresponsible, absolutely. The same thing goes for this post.  It was dumb. It was silly. It was stupid. It was mean-spirited. But you  know what it is not? It is not incitement of violence. And when we use  hyperbole in those words, we cause ourselves problems, but there is no  point and attempt with the majority at this point to follow through on  any rules or procedures.   The U.S. House of Representatives looks significantly more like a  junior high lunchroom than a legislative body. If you are in our  clique, you are okay. If not, tough. If we like you, no fines. If we  don't, we will take it out of your paycheck. A Member on your side  calls for violence, motion to table; a Member on our side, stand in the  well and answer for your sins. Rules matter, process matters, the  institution matters.   Madam Speaker, this will be the fourth Member of the minority  stripped of their committees by the majority this Congress. That has  never happened before, but it is going to happen again.   And that is what I don't understand. I understand completely why the  majority's leadership is willing to do anything to maintain control  over the caucus until the next election. But in the process, you are  all negatively and permanently changing the way this body  [[Page H6344]]  functions--forever. You are weaponizing the gavel against minority  Members. And if you think it stops at the next election, I have no  doubt that the leadership in the majority has no intention of going  back to being a rank-and-file Member in the minority, but the rest of  you all will. And how do you think this ends? When the pendulum swings,  and it will, we are all going to suffer the consequences.    Madam Speaker, the institution is going to suffer for  it, and it is already suffering for it.   Committee structures, scheduling hearings, witness lists, these are  all purviews of the majority. But rules of conduct and decorum have to  be applied equally to all Members or the institution continues to  degrade.   Madam Speaker, the rules are not being applied equally. It is noticed  by us. It is noticed by the American people. It is unfortunate, and it  is sad.   