 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 391,  the Global Health Security Act, bipartisan legislation which  Congressman Gerry Connolly and I introduced to strengthen U.S. and  global preparedness for, and capacity to respond to pandemics, like  COVID-19. And I want to thank Chairman Meeks and Ranking Member McCaul  for working with us to improve this Congress's version of the  legislation in committee as the bill heads toward enactment.   After a year of lockdowns, masks, social distancing, working from  home, school closures and worst of all, a horrific death here at  [[Page H3171]]  home and across the globe, COVID-19 has taught us, like nothing else  has, the full costs of a pandemic. It has also shown us just how  vulnerable the United States is to disease outbreaks on the other side  of the world. A corrupt and opaque health system in China can cause  millions of deaths here in America. China's politically-motivated  censorship of coronavirus information early on caused the world untold  suffering. But a disease like COVID-19 could start anywhere, and if it  gets out, it can become a pandemic.   That is why, we must help less prepared countries identify and  contain future emerging deadly diseases when they originate, and  mitigate their impact before they have a chance to grow to pandemic  scale.   When Mr. Connolly and I first introduced this legislation in 2018,  COVID-19 didn't exist. However, we realized that Congress needed to  support, direct, and provide oversight for ongoing global health  security work and that the proper personnel needed to be in place to  coordinate our response to an emerging disease threat.   The Global Health Security Act supports each of these goals. First,  it gets personnel right. Second, it strengthens Congressional oversight  over global health security work. Third, it provides a Congressional  endorsement, and detailed guidance for, U.S. efforts to strengthen  health systems and pandemic preparedness across the globe.   Witnessing the death toll and the economic devastation that COVID-19  brought, I think all Americans will agree with me that protecting our  nation's health from future pandemics must be seen as a national  security priority. As the United States comes out of the pandemic, and  America returns to normal, we must recommit to leadership on global  health security and prepare the world to face the next deadly disease  before it becomes a pandemic.   So I would urge my colleagues to support this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Res.  402, which Congressman Brad Sherman and I introduced to call attention  to India's COVID-19 second wave and press for needed assistance.   India's second wave has been a truly overwhelming challenge. As Co- Chair of the House Caucus on India and Indian Americans, I found the  images in the press, the stories about the lack of oxygen, and the  sheer scale of the crisis to be truly daunting. And the suffering is  being felt not only in India but also right here at home by many of our  constituents in the Indian American community, who have family members  in India that are impacted by this deadly upswing in the pandemic.   While case rates in India continue to drop, passage of this  resolution today shows that Congress and the American people are  committed to helping India finish the battle against the second wave  and prepare to win the war against COVID-19 altogether. Early in the  pandemic, India helped us; it is our turn to offer a helping hand. We  must continue to employ all effective measures to help them through  this trying time.   The crisis in India is a potent reminder of the toll of this pandemic  and of the importance of preparing ourselves and the world so that the  next disease does not cause the damage we have seen as a result of  COVID-19.   So I would urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   