 Madam President, it was October of 2002. I remember the  day when in the Senate we decided to vote on the question as to whether  or not we would authorize President Bush to use military force in  Afghanistan. We considered the issue of Iraq before. Twenty-three of us  had voted against giving that authority to President Bush.   When it came to Afghanistan, the argument was different. The argument  was that those responsible for 9/11, for killing 3,000 innocent  Americans, were hiding out in Afghanistan, and if we didn't ferret them  out of their hiding place and hold them accountable, what kind of  nation would we be? I bought that argument. Virtually every Member of  Congress agreed, with one exception--Congresswoman Barbara Lee of  California. But we voted to use military force in Afghanistan under  extraordinary circumstances in 2002.   Now, I listened to the Republican leader come to the floor and accuse  President Biden of abandoning Afghanistan, retreating from Afghanistan.  And he leaves out some salient facts. The negotiation with the Taliban,  which was initiated by President Trump, was a negotiation to determine  who would be in power, what areas they would hold, and when the United  States would leave. It was President Trump who initiated that  negotiation, not President Biden. President Biden, when he took office,  followed through with it. I applauded him for doing so.   I realize--and I think everyone does--that the situation in  Afghanistan is perilous, but I think that we ought to acknowledge the  obvious. After the longest war in the history of the United States,  after losing over a thousand American lives and tens of thousands  wounded, after spending trillions of dollars, we were not winning in  Afghanistan. We didn't have a winning hand or a winning strategy. The  Taliban was still a viable political force, and the Afghan security  forces many times were overwhelmed by that Taliban force.   I wonder why the Republican leader from Kentucky doesn't do the  obvious. He has the authority, under the rules of the Senate, to  introduce a measure authorizing the use of military force in  Afghanistan. If he believes we should stay or send more troops there,  that is his right. He can offer that on the floor of the Senate,  instead of lamenting what has happened there. He has the authority. If  he thinks we have abandoned the Afghan people and should go back into  that country, why doesn't he offer an authorization for use of military  force?   I think we know the answer. There is little or no support on his side  of the aisle, nor on this side of the aisle, to make the longest war in  American history even longer. Yes, we should be a viable force to try  to make certain the Afghan people have a fighting chance. But after  almost 20 years at it, I think we have shown that our strategy was not  the winning strategy.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from Ohio (Mr. Brown) and the Senator from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Casey), are necessarily absent.   