 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend from Missouri, a real  leader on the Financial Services Committee, and also our ranking  Republican and leader on the Small Business Committee and tireless  champion for America's small businesses. That is where all of the jobs  are created in this country.   For the life of me, Madam Speaker, on the heels of horrible third- quarter GDP numbers, I don't know why the Biden administration wants to  put new taxes on small businesses. The GDP numbers for the third  quarter were far short of what economists predicted and, yet President  Biden's plan to so-called Build Back Better is actually a $400 billion  tax hike on job-creating small businesses.   The bulk of this comes from an expansion of the 3.8 percent net  investment income tax that is now going to hit active income for these  pass-through businessowners. Democrats want to expand this to  investment income of individuals actively involved in LLCs, S  corporations, and partnerships, those small mom-and-pop Main Street  businesses that really create jobs in our country.   Additionally, the Democrats are also pushing an $800 billion tax hike  on American businesses that will be a gift to China, Russia, Japan, and  Europe, making it better to be a foreign company than an American one.  These crippling tax hikes will kill American jobs, drive economic  activity overseas, and destroy small businesses as they struggle to  recover from the pandemic.   As if this wasn't bad enough, Democrats want to arm the Internal  Revenue Service with $80 billion in additional funds to target American  small businesses and families. So not only will small businesses in  Kentucky have their taxes go up, but they should prepare for an  avalanche of new audits coming their way courtesy of this Big  Government socialist bill.   On top of that, this legislation will only add fuel to the fire of  the burning inflation crisis. This year the Consumer Price Index is up  5.4 percent, the highest in 13 years, but the Personal Consumption  Expenditure Index, less food and energy costs, is up 3.6 percent, well  above the Fed's 2 percent target and the highest in over 30 years.   Madam Speaker, the longer this inflation surge drags on, the risk of  inflation becoming embedded in our economy grows more and more. This  multitrillion-dollar Big Government socialist tax-borrow-and-spend bill  will bury American entrepreneurs in taxes and debt. But one interest  group that will be happy with this Big Government socialist bill, if it  passes, are the unions that fund the Democratic Party.   Tucked inside of this bill is a proposal to provide a $4,500  additional incentive exclusively for union-built electric vehicles.  This provision runs counter to the Democrats' purported goal of  reducing carbon emissions and getting more electric vehicles on the  road. That is because nearly half of all U.S. automotive production  comes from automakers with workforces who have chosen to not unionize.  In fact, of the 60 automakers in the United States who build electric  vehicles, only 2 are unionized. So Democrats are effectively pitting  American autoworkers at union plants against the autoworkers who work  in my congressional district at the Toyota manufacturing plant in  Georgetown, Kentucky, the largest Toyota manufacturing plant in the  world. But small businesses are impacted because small businesses that  are not unionized are part of the supply chain.   So let me be clear: There is no environmental benefit or additional  carbon reduction achieved by favoring union-made vehicles over  nonunion-made vehicles. While Democrats lecture about the need to  provide alternatives to the combustion engine, to gas-powered vehicles,  the irony here is that this bill greatly restricts the ability for tax  credits to actually reach consumers. This is because Democrats are  limiting the tax credit to union-built, U.S.-assembled vehicles and  applying these proposed limitations to the current EV market. Estimates  indicate that only 2 of over 50 electric vehicles would qualify for the  full tax credit.   This is not building back better. This is a payoff to political  supporters. Nearly half of all U.S. automotive production comes from  automakers with workforces that have chosen to not unionize. Why are we  punishing these manufacturers of electric vehicles? Because it is not  about the environment. It is not about promoting electric vehicles. It  is about a political payoff to union supporters of these campaigns.  This provision is nothing more than that; a payoff to the union bosses  who control Democrat politicians in Congress and the Democrat in the  White House.   We should be for small businesses. And if we are for the environment,  we shouldn't discriminate against nonunion automakers and the small  businesses that support nonunion manufacturers like Toyota in  Kentucky's Sixth Congressional District.   I thank my friend from Missouri for his leadership in opposing this  massive tax increase on small businesses and for helping me highlight  the hypocrisy of the supporters of this bill.   