 Madam Speaker, smashing windows and beating police  officers over the head with fire extinguishers, a bloodthirsty mob  attacked the Capitol and invaded this Congress last Wednesday. They  erected a gallows and repeatedly chanted: Hang Mike Pence.   They stormed Speaker Pelosi's office yelling: Where is Nancy?   They brandished the Confederate battle flag and occupied the Senate  Chamber. They wounded dozens of people, hospitalized dozens of people,  and killed five of our people. For 6 hours, they shut down the counting  of electoral college votes--our sacred process under the Constitution  for peaceful transfer of power in the United States.   They may have been hunting for Pence and Pelosi to stage their coup,  but every one of us in this room right now could have died. As Senator  Lindsey Graham said: The mob could have blown the building up. They  could have killed us all.   And now the far right is calling for a return engagement from January  17 to January 20. They are asking the President to pardon the  conspirators in last week's rampage as they prepare for a race war  again next week. It is a bit much to be hearing that these people would  not be trying to destroy our government and kill us if we just weren't  so mean to them.   Despite the floor leader's desperate effort to polarize this body and  this Nation along party lines, it is the chair of the Republican  Conference who best articulated what happened in a statement yesterday,  and I recommend every American read this. Liz Cheney of Wyoming, the  elected chair of the Republican Conference, wrote that ``the President  summoned this mob, assembled this mob, and lit the flame of this  attack. Everything that followed was his doing. None of this would have  happened without the President. The President could have immediately  and forcibly intervened to stop the violence. He did not. There has  never been a greater betrayal by a President of the United States.''    Ms. Cheney says that ``there has never been a greater  betrayal by a President of the United States of his office and his oath  to the Constitution.''   Read Ms. Cheney's statement. Let's come together and impeach the  President for this high crime against the Republic. We don't have a  minute to spare. He is a clear and present danger to the people.  [[Page H171]]        