 Colleagues, it has been a terrible day for everybody here  and for our country.   One of the things I was thinking about today is something I often  think about when I am on this floor, which is that the Founders of this  country, the people who wrote our Constitution, actually knew our  history better than we know our history.   I was thinking about that history today, as we saw the mob riot in  Washington, DC--thinking about what the Founders were thinking about  when they wrote our Constitution, which was what happened to the Roman  Republic when armed gangs, doing the work for politicians, prevented  Rome from casting their ballots for consuls, for praetors, for  senators. These were the officers in Rome, and these armed gangs ran  through the streets of Rome, keeping elections from being started,  keeping elections from ever being called. In the end, because of that,  the Roman Republic fell, and a dictator took its place, and that was  the end of the Roman Republic--or any republic, for that matter--until  this beautiful Constitution was written in the United States of  America.   So it is my fervent hope that the way we respond to this today, my  dear colleagues, is that we give the biggest bipartisan vote we can in  support of our democracy and in support of our Constitution and in  rejection of what we saw today and what the Roman Republic saw in its  own time.   There is a tendency around this place, I think, to always believe  that we are the first people to confront something when that is seldom  the case and to underappreciate what the effect of our actions will be.  We need to deeply appreciate, in this moment, our obligation to the  Constitution, our obligation to democracy, and our obligation to the  Republic.   There are people in this Chamber who have twisted the words--twisted  the words--of a statute written in the 19th century that was meant to  actually settle our electoral disputes, to leave them with the States,  as the Senator from Utah was saying, to give us a ministerial role,  except in very rare circumstances. That is what that law is about that  the Senator of Texas was talking about today. And that is the law that  is leading us to be asked to overturn the judgments of 60 courts in  America, many of the courts in Arizona, some of whom have howled the  President's lawyers out of the courtrooms because there is no evidence  of fraud.   By the way, the fact that 37 percent or 39 percent of Americans think  there is evidence of fraud does not mean there is fraud. If you have  turned a blind eye to a conspiracy theory, you can't now come to the  floor of the Senate and say you are ignoring the people who believe  that the election was stolen. Go out there and tell them the truth,  which is that every single Member of this Senate knows this election  [[Page S21]]  wasn't stolen and that we, just as in the Roman Republic, have a  responsibility to protect the independence of the judiciary from  politicians who will stop at nothing to hold on to power. There is  nothing new about that either. That has been true since the first  republic was founded.   So now we find ourselves in the position, just days after many  Senators here swore an oath to uphold and defend the Constitution-- every single Member of the House of Representatives swore the same  oath, as well, and I think we have a solemn obligation and  responsibility here to prove, once again, that this country is a nation  of laws and not of men, and the only result that we can reach together  is one that rejects the claim of the Senator from Texas and the other  Members of the House and Senate who seek to overturn the decisions that  have been made by the States, by the voters in these States, and by the  courts.   If we follow what they have proposed, we will be the ones who will  have disenfranchised every single person who cast a vote in this  election, whether they voted for the President or they didn't.   I urge you to reject this, and I deeply appreciate the opportunity to  serve with every single one of you.   Thank you.   (Applause.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The majority leader.   