 Madam Speaker, I am proud to advocate  the passage of H.R. 1112, the Protect Democracy in Burma Act; and H.  Res. 134, a resolution condemning the military coup taking place in  Burma.   I commend Chairman Meeks and Ranking Member McCaul for their  leadership. As chairman of the House Democracy Partnership, I am happy  to work alongside Representative Connolly to champion this bill, and I  commend Representative Levin for his good work, as well.   What is going on in Burma demands action. The very foundation of  Burmese democracy and, consequently, the country's international  standing now hang in the balance as a result of the Burmese military's  reckless action. The situation is deteriorating rapidly, with Burmese  military and security forces violently attacking and rounding up  peaceful protestors, civil servants, community leaders, journalists,  and even emergency medical personnel. The death toll is now estimated  at 200.   The democratically elected Government of Burma, to be sure, had  serious flaws, but it had made significant progress in improving the  lives of Burmese citizens. The House Democracy Partnership had begun to  work with the democratically elected parliament, as had the National  Democratic Institute. The International Republican Institute had begun  to work on local governance. That progress must be consolidated, built  on, and expanded, not washed away by the greed of a few generals in  fear of losing their wealth, losing the control they exercise at the  expense of the Burmese people.   I strongly support the Biden administration's decision to place  sanctions on senior military leaders and military-owned businesses. The  economic and political pressure must be intense.   We must do more, including working with our friends and allies in the  region, particularly members of the ASEAN community, to keep up the  drumbeat, to keep up the pressure, for the junta to step down and to  restore the democratically elected government.   We must do all we can, and time is not on our side. These two bills  are a beginning. They signify a unified and urgent sense on the part of  the House that this coup simply must be reversed and democratic  government restored in Burma.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to stand with colleagues today in  solidarity, and I urge support of these two bills.   