 Madam President, 12 days ago, on April 3, we brought sad  news of the passing of Douglas Burtell, of Bowman, ND, the last known  World War II veteran residing in my State from the legendary 164th  Infantry Regiment of the North Dakota National Guard. Tomorrow would  have been his 97th birthday, April 16. I join in remembering and  honoring him and the generation of heroes he represents to our State  and to our Nation.   Douglas Burtell joined the National Guard in Fargo at the age of 16.  In February of 1942, 2 months after the attack on Pearl Harbor, this  Casselton native was among the 1,723 young men to mobilize in the 164th  Infantry Regiment. Ten months later, the regiment sailed into history  as the first U.S. Army unit to offensively engage the enemy in the  Pacific when they landed at Guadalcanal on October 13, 1942. There they  reinforced the 1st Marine Division and spent more than 600 days in the  combat zone until August 1945.  [[Page S1974]]    His talent for illustration was noticed at the national regiment  headquarters, where he was trained in intelligence and reconnaissance.  There he interpreted aerial photography, analyzed captured materials,  and drew maps based on patrol reconnaissance reports. His service  included combat on the Philippine Islands, Bougainville, and  Guadalcanal, and he received the Purple Heart after being wounded in  action.   Returning to North Dakota after the war, Mr. Burtell earned his high  school GED, attended art school in Minneapolis, and spent much of his  life in lumber, millwork, and camper sales in Fargo. He spent his last  years living near his daughter in Bowman, ND.   Often attending reunions of the 164th Regiment Infantry Association,  he was present at its final gathering in October 2017. He helped  relatives of other veterans with research about the war experiences of  their loved ones   And he painted throughout his life, generously sharing his work with  friends. Mr. Burtell's artwork helped tell the everyday stories of the  soldiers as they fought their way through the South Pacific. His  illustrations are a lasting testament to the heroic contributions of  the 164th Infantry Regiment to World War II. He was honored in March  when North Dakota Adjutant General, Major General Al Dohrmann announced  one of his sketches would be featured on a new recognition coin. Other  artwork is etched in granite on the 164th Infantry Regiment Memorial  located at the North Dakota Veterans Cemetery near Mandan, which is now  Mr. Burtell's final resting place.   Madam President, on behalf of all Dakotans and a grateful nation, I  offer my deepest condolences to Douglas Burtell's family and friends,  including his daughter and son-in-law, Barb and Steve Conley, his two  granddaughters, and five great-grandchildren.   Today, with most of our World War II veterans now gone, Mr. Burtell's  artwork preserves the faces of so many brave North Dakotans and  exemplifies their patriotism and dedication.   The 164th Infantry Regiment's motto in French, ``Je Suis Pret,'' ``I  Am Ready,'' inspires today's North Dakota National Guard motto of  ``Always Ready, Always There.'' God bless the memory of Douglas Burtell  and the brave soldiers of World War II who were always ready.   I yield the floor.   