 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the  objection.    Madam Speaker, my, my, my. Let us take a  deep breath, shall we?   Madam Speaker, the cornerstone of the strength of our American  Republic is not only the peaceful transition of power; it is the  peaceful transition of a lawful power. It is within the parameters of  our oath, indeed, is our duty to inquire if we suspect that perhaps our  elections have been compromised.   Much has been said about what we do not know. What we do not know  calls for investigation.   What we do know is that, in the disputed States, Governors,  secretaries of state, or local election commissions acted in violation  of the Election Clause of the U.S. Constitution, wherein State  legislatures are granted the sole authority to determine how  Presidential electors are appointed. It is that simple. State executive  officials usurped the constitutionally vested authority of State  legislatures within several of the sovereign States.   Now, why we are involved in Congress? Because the Founders gave us a  [[Page H108]]  narrow role. If we suspect that an election was compromised in a  sovereign State, then we have a role in the seating of those electors  and the counting.   America is not a confederacy of States. We are a union of States. We  are a representative republic. Therefore, each sovereign State has a  deep obligation to follow the writ of its own election law during a  Federal election.   We would not be having this conversation if our objections were  solely rested upon the elections of sovereign State Governors or State  senators and representatives. It is a Federal election for the  President and Vice President of the United States. We certainly have a  role, and we should investigate and support that role.   Madam Speaker, America is an anointed nation, born of imperfect men  driven by perfect intent. May we be worthy of what it is to be an  American, what it is to be a representative of the American people.   May I ask, may we seek the quiet whisper of God's own voice within  us. And I ask my colleagues to consider supporting this objection.   I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr.  Van Drew).   