 Madam President, I rise to oppose the nomination of FTC  Commissioner Rohit Chopra to be the CFPB Director.   In the Banking Committee, every Republican voted against him, and on  the Senate floor, Republicans have uniformly voted against discharging  his nomination from the committee. There is a reason for that. I think  my colleagues have the same grave concern that I have that Commissioner  Chopra would return the CFPB to the lawless, overreaching, highly  politicized Agency that it was during the Obama administration when he  was there.   CFPB, as you will recall, was created by our Democratic colleagues  through the Dodd-Frank Act, and it was arguably the most unaccountable  Agency in the history of the U.S. Federal Government. Think about it.  It is an Agency with a single Director who, until recently, even the  President of the United States was unconstitutionally forbidden from  firing.   This Agency is not accountable to Congress through the appropriations  process the way most Agencies are. Most rely on appropriations from  Congress for their funding. That is part of our power of the purse  strings. Not with the CFPB. It simply draws virtually unlimited funding  at its discretion from the Federal Reserve, whether Congress likes it  or not.   Now, during the Obama administration, the CFPB systematically pursued  an activist, anti-business agenda. It limited consumer choice, it drove  up the cost of credit for consumers, and it certainly unfairly burdened  employers with overregulation.   CFPB repeatedly engaged in overreach and abuse of its authority. Just  one example: Instead of clearly laying out the rules of the road  through a transparent regulatory process, it would invent rules on its  own by springing lawsuits on the financial institutions that had no way  of knowing that they were engaged in anything that the CFPB objected to  because there was no rule. It was just rulemaking by enforcement. The  DC Circuit Court of Appeals, quite rightly, held that this approach  violates the fundamental bedrock principle of due process.   But that is not all. Commissioner Chopra helped set up the CFPB, and  then he served as a very high-ranking official there during the Obama  administration. In that role, it has been widely acknowledged that he  had a hostile relationship with lenders. He used ``name and shame''  tactics to pressure them. In one case, he took the ``shoot first; aim  second'' approach to the facts by posting online inaccurate allegations  about credit unions, which the CFPB then later had to retract.   At the FTC, Commissioner Chopra has continued his aggressive anti- business stances, and he has continued to take a ``shoot first; aim  later'' approach to the facts in order to advance his agenda. In one  recent case, three of his fellow Commissioners publicly rebuked  Commissioner Chopra for ``his disregard of the facts and the law, for  making misleading claims, and for relying on false assertions.''   During this whole nomination process, while Commissioner Chopra is  under consideration to lead the CFPB, he has done very little to  alleviate these concerns.   I asked him a request for the record. Given its history, given the  actions that have been overturned by courts, was there a single CFPB  enforcement action that Mr. Chopra believed was too burdensome or was  too punitive? He couldn't identify a single one.   In addition, Commissioner Chopra favors unaccountable regulators with  vast powers. He actually in writing proposed this superagency that  would regulate politicians and think tanks and nonprofits. At his  nomination hearing, Commissioner Chopra once again defended the CFPB's  completely unaccountable structure.   All this raises concerns about how he would wield power at the CFPB.  Remember, at the CFPB, he would not be accountable to Congress in any  meaningful way, certainly not through the appropriations process, and  since the CFPB is a single Director Agency, there would be no other  Commissioners to restrain him.   Commissioner Chopra has also shown a complete disregard already for  congressional oversight. According to multiple press reports, the Biden  administration's political leadership at the CFPB has been taking  unusual and possibly unlawful actions to push out top-level career,  nonpolitical civil servants at the CFPB in order to fill those civil  service positions with handpicked activists who will support the Biden  agenda. Now, the implication has been that this was done in preparation  for Commissioner Chopra taking over as the Director.   These were just allegations, but there were several of them. There  was some credibility to them. So I sent Commissioner Chopra a letter  simply asking in a straightforward way whether he was aware of or  whether he had been involved in any efforts to dismiss these career  civil servants at the CFPB. It has been over 100 days since I asked him  these simple, straightforward questions, and he has refused to provide  any response to me.   His refusal to respond to my oversight requests--I am the ranking  member of the committee that has jurisdiction over the organization he  is meant to lead. This refusal to respond to a simple oversight request  is completely unacceptable from a nominee, and it leaves very little  doubt how he will treat congressional oversight if he is confirmed.   As all of the Republicans on the Banking Committee have stated, ``In  our view, this should disqualify [him] from consideration as CFPB  Director.''   It is clear to me that Commissioner Chopra would very likely return  the CFPB to the rogue, unaccountable, anti-business Agency it was  during the Obama administration. We have every reason to believe he  would continue to disregard legitimate congressional oversight  requests.   I urge my colleagues to join me in voting against his confirmation.   I yield the floor.   