 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the distinguished  gentleman from Massachusetts, the chairman of the Rules Committee, for  yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, the rule before us today provides for consideration of  two pieces of legislation. The first is H.R. 256, which would repeal  the 2002 Authorization for Use of Military Force, or the AUMF. This  AUMF authorizes the President to defend the Nation against threats  posed by and in Iraq.   Madam Speaker, as an Iraq war veteran, I sat literally face-to-face  with bombmakers, murderers, and other terrorists who were willing to  give up their lives in their quest to destroy America. The 2002 AUMF is  the only current legal framework for fighting Iranian-backed militia  operating in Iraq.   I agree that there are important conversations to be had about the  War Powers Resolution and the future of the 2002 AUMF. However,  Congress should undertake a collaborative process and work with  stakeholders, like the Department of Defense and the intelligence  community, and we should work with them to draft a replacement for the  2001 and 2002 AUMFs before we repeal important authorities for  confronting and eliminating terrorists.   If we don't do this, we leave our Nation open to threats from Iran,  which is already emboldened by President Biden's kowtowing and his  capitulations, so we would be more vulnerable to Iran.   We also leave ourselves vulnerable to other terrorist organizations  that are intent on destroying and taking American lives both at home  and abroad.   This rule also makes in order H.R. 1187, the so-called Corporate  Governance Improvement and Investor Protection Act. In reality, this  measure is nothing more than House Democrats' latest attempt to force  their radical, far-left agenda on the American people.   Republicans support securities regulation and disclosure regimes that  are actually helpful to American investors and entrepreneurs. The bill  before us today is meant to appeal to social activists and woke  corporations rather than Main Street investors looking to save money  for retirement, pay for their kids' college education, or simply build  a better life.   H.R. 1187 will push the SEC to focus on social activism rather than  investor interests and use our securities laws to push a partisan  progressive agenda.   If you don't believe me, just don't take my word for it. Look at the  words of Senator Elizabeth Warren. She put out a press release about  provisions in this bill, which she claimed will ``accelerate the market  transition from fossil fuels to cleaner and more sustainable energy  sources that mitigate climate change.''   Those are her words. The activism is right there. It is written into  this bill.   Clearly, H.R. 1187 is about the social justice Democrats' war on  American coal, oil, and gas producers and the people who actually work  in those industries. It is more about that than enhancing shareholder  value.   I would just like to remind my colleagues that under the law, public  companies are already required to publicly disclose any material  information that investors would find important to making investment  decisions. If the mandatory disclosures in H.R. 1187 were actually  material, public companies would already be required to disclose them.   Rather, each of these disclosures, but particularly the climate and  socially related disclosures, are intended to what I would call name  and shame public companies and bully them into compliance with the  House Democrats' radical, far-left progressive agenda.   Madam Speaker, at the end of the day, H.R. 1187 discourages private  companies from going public; it encourages public companies to then go  private; and it limits investment opportunities for hardworking  Americans.   While my colleagues across the aisle continue to bow before the woke  mob and continue to appease woke yuppies, House Republicans will stand  and fight for everyday Americans trying to save their hard-earned money  and work toward a better life for themselves and their families.   I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this rule.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, in addition to making H.R. 256 and  H.R. 1187 in order, the rule before us today includes a budget-deeming  resolution that puts the House on track for a $1.5 trillion spending  spree.   I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Smith), my good  friend and ranking member of the Budget Committee, to discuss this  reckless spending spree.    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman such time as  he may consume.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, last month there were over 180,000 encounters at the  southern border, almost 200,000 encounters at the southern border. That  is a new 20-year record for illegal border crossings, 20-year record.   Alarmingly, CBP has seized more deadly fentanyl so far in 2021 than  in all of 2020. Based on our current trends, we can expect overdose  deaths in 2021 to meet, if not exceed, the 90,000 Americans who lost  their lives between September 2019 and September 2020, 90,000 American  deaths.   Yet Vice President Harris, who President Biden put in charge of  stemming migration at our southern border, refuses to go firsthand to  see the crisis in person. In Vice President Harris' own words, ``If you  want to fix a problem, you have to go where the problem exists.'' That  is what the Vice President said.  [[Page H2720]]    Alarmingly, she hasn't gone to the southern border at all.   It would be laughable if this wasn't a humanitarian crisis. It would  be laughable if Americans weren't going to die of overdoses because of  fentanyl crossing our southern border.   That is why, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an  amendment to the rule to immediately consider Congresswoman Ashley  Hinson's See the Crisis Act. This legislation would restrict Vice  President Harris from using taxpayer dollars to travel internationally  until she actually visits our southern border.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with any extraneous material,  immediately prior to the vote on the previous question.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Iowa (Mrs. Hinson) to explain the amendment.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman  from Texas (Mr. Roy), my very good friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 1187 is House Democrats' latest attempt to force  a radical progressive agenda on the American people by turning the SEC  into the social policy police.   While my colleagues across the aisle continue to capitulate to the  woke yuppies, continue to bow down in fear to the woke mob, House  Republicans will fight for policies that help everyday Americans build  better lives for themselves.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous question and  ``no'' on the underlying measure.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   