 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today in support of the budget  resolution and the American rescue plan proposed by President Biden. It  is, without question, a necessary next step in our fight against the  coronavirus pandemic.   Just last month, roughly 100,000 Americans lost their lives to COVID.  To date, we have lost more than 430,000 Americans to this virus.  Included in this number is over 15,000 Michiganders. Millions of  Americans have become sick as a result of this deadly virus, and far  too many people in Michigan and across the country are suffering from  the unprecedented economic crisis that this pandemic has caused.  Families are struggling to put food on the table and to put a roof over  their heads and just to pay bills.   The relief package that was passed in December provided important  emergency relief, but it didn't go nearly far enough. I had the honor  of meeting with President Biden and Vice President Harris today at the  White House to discuss the need to work together and to act boldly and  quickly to deliver urgently needed support.   More than 120 economists are pressing Congress to pass the sweeping  relief package, and the danger is not going big but rather failing to  meet the urgency of the moment. These 120 economists wrote: ``History  shows that what  [[Page S299]]  our nation cannot afford is inaction or timidity in the face of what  many consider to be the greatest economic disaster since the Great  Depression.''   It is clear to me that we must extend unemployment benefits to those  who are out of work through no fault of their own. We must pass an  additional $1,400 in stimulus payments to individuals. We must provide  more food assistance to ensure that no child or family goes hungry  because of this crisis, and we must ensure small businesses can stay  afloat.   We must provide more funding to speed up the distribution of vaccines  so that we can get more vaccines in the arms of Americans quickly,  safely, and equitably. And we must provide more resources so that  schools can reopen safely under the guidance of public health officials  and experts.   We must deliver relief to communities on the frontlines of COVID- response efforts and make sure that they are not forced to cut  essential services for residents or lay off health professionals or  teachers or firefighters or law enforcement officials. We must  replenish the disaster relief fund, which will help give our cash- strapped State and local governments the resources they need to pay for  personal protection equipment, aid in vaccine distribution, and provide  additional support services to communities struggling with overwhelming  coronavirus cases.   We must provide funding to ensure there is strong oversight of how  Federal taxpayer dollars are actually being spent on Federal COVID  efforts, ensuring that resources and support that Congress has  authorized is actually reaching the people who need it the most.   One of my top priorities and an issue I hear about every day from  Michiganders is the need to extend unemployment benefits. Over 3  million Michiganders have claimed unemployment insurance since the  start of this pandemic. That is around one-third of the entire  population of Michigan. And, unfortunately, we are not out of the  tunnel yet. Over half a million of these claims are still active.   It is not just impacting one part of my State. All 83 Michigan  counties are experiencing higher levels of joblessness, a disturbing  trend that we have seen continue into this year. Michiganders want to  work, they want to keep their families safe, and they want to put food  on the table. In order to do all of this, we must first get this  pandemic under control, while helping families and workers make ends  meet. They need and must have our continued help and our support.   As the Biden American Rescue Plan recognizes, Federal unemployment  assistance programs are essential to bolstering our State programs, and  while 1.9 million unemployment claims in Michigan during 2020 have  flowed through the State unemployment program, nearly just as many  claims, 1.7 million, were made possible by the Federal Pandemic  Unemployment Assistance Program. It is a program that I helped to  establish last year in the CARES Act.   Pandemic Unemployment Assistance is a lifeline to workers who are  self-employed yet had their source of income interrupted by the  pandemic, including gig workers and freelance workers and small  business owners.   I certainly agree with President Biden that we must continue Federal  unemployment assistance programs through September of 2021.  Implementing this rescue package means we will not abandon millions of  workers who otherwise would be ineligible for assistance or whose  benefits would have long run out. It would also mean that the level of  benefit that they receive is closer to the amount necessary for their  families to have some measure of financial stability.   In Michigan, far too many families are finding it difficult to feed  themselves and their children. Michigan had the sixth highest rate of  projected food insecurity in 2020. Nearly 2 million individuals lived  in food-insecure households. That means each day almost one in five  Michiganders worries about whether or not they or their loved ones are  going to get enough to eat that day.   The number of Michiganders struggling with hunger has increased by  around 600,000 since the start of the pandemic, and, sadly, most of  this has been as a result of an uptick in child hunger.   Our food banks across Michigan are doing all they can to step up to  the challenge, but they are experiencing unprecedented surges in demand  as more families seek assistance. Food assistance is one of the top  reasons people contact my State's emergency hotline. The Federal  Government must do more in providing food assistance to these families.   The American Rescue Plan will extend the 15-percent Supplemental  Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, benefit, while maintaining an  increase through the coming months and through the summer, a time when  childhood hunger is at its highest level due to the lack of school  meals. It is a critical backstop against rising food insecurity, and  this change will help keep hunger at bay for around 40 million  Americans.   The rescue plan also supports these efforts by providing a one-time  emergency infusion of support for State anti-hunger and nutrition  programs. This will ensure that benefits quickly and efficiently get to  children and to those families that are in need.   According to the nonprofit No Kid Hungry campaign, this funding will  amount to around $25 more per person per month for those who are  currently struggling. A family of four will get an extra $100 a month.  This is an investment we must certainly make.   The proposal before us will also invest $3 billion to help women,  infants, and children get the food they need. This multiyear investment  in the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and  Children, known as WIC, is needed to account for increased enrollment  due to growing hunger and to increase outreach to ensure that low- income families have access to high-quality nutritious food and  nutritional education.   During this dark, challenging winter, we must address the hunger  crisis in Michigan and across the country.   Another issue that I hear about constantly from Michiganders is the  additional support we must provide to our small businesses. Many small  businesses--the very backbone of Michigan's economy and the economic  driver in many of our local communities--have been forced to shutter or  are just barely hanging on.   Nationally, small business revenue is down 32 percent, and at least  400,000 firms have permanently closed. Minority-owned small businesses  and those in hard-hit industries, like restaurants and hotels and  entertainment, have suffered disproportionately.   Whether it is a boutique in Plymouth, a family-owned farm in  Michigan's fruit belt, or a restaurant in Detroit, these small  businesses bring our State character, community, and a sense of place.   Congress must do everything we can to assist our small businesses,  and we must ensure that COVID-19 small business relief assistance is  clearly administered and is easy to access. That is why I fought for a  vital increase in small business funding, like the Paycheck Protection  Program, which was included in the CARES Act and subsequent legislation  that I was proud to help pass.   In Michigan, over 128,000 Paycheck Protection Program loans were  approved before the program first expired, totaling over $16 billion in  funding. And although the PPP brought hope to many during this crisis,  it alone was simply not enough. We must continue to expand access to  small business grants and loans for our Michigan businesses.   The American Rescue Plan is ambitious, but it is achievable and will  help our small businesses survive and help rescue the American economy  as we work to recover. It will support communities that are struggling  in the wake of COVID-19 by providing support for the hardest hit small  businesses, especially small businesses owned by entrepreneurs of  color, and protecting jobs of the first responders and transit workers  and other essential workers whom we depend on each and every day.   It will provide grants to more than 1 million of the hardest hit  small businesses--flexible, equitably distributed grants that will help  small businesses get back on their feet and put the current disaster  behind them. Additionally, it will leverage government funds into  additional small business lending and investment.  [[Page S300]]    By investing in successful State, local, Tribal, and nonprofit small  business financing programs, Congress will exponentially generate low- interest loans and venture capital to help our small businesses  survive, to create and maintain jobs, and to continue to provide the  essential goods and services that our communities depend on.   According to an independent analysis conducted by Moody's Analytics,  the American Rescue Plan will help create 7.5 million jobs in 2021,  double economic growth, and return the United States to full employment  a full year faster. Small businesses in Michigan and across the country  need this help, and they need it now.   Passing the American Rescue Plan will help us get through this  economic crisis and come out stronger on the other side. And I know we  all look forward to the day when we can visit our small businesses.   I know I am excited to see Michiganders going out to eat in Greektown  before visiting Comerica Park. They will stroll through downtowns like  Birmingham and Grand Rapids. They will drive up north and spend time  i small businesses in Traverse City and Marquette, and just maybe swing  by a local brewery, or enjoy boating on one of our beautiful Great  Lakes. I will never stop fighting to make sure that when the day comes,  Michigan's small businesses will be up and running.    But as we address the economic impact to this pandemic, we must also  use this relief package to address the public health crisis.   Since the outset of the pandemic, FEMA has stepped up to assist in  response to the COVID-19 crisis by coordinating medical supply  acquisition and distribution and assisting State and local governments  with funds for response activity, such as overtime pay for public  health officials. And now FEMA is taking on an even larger role as we  continue this critical phase of response, which is vaccine  distribution.   When I spoke to the President and Vice President earlier today, I was  pleased to hear their vision for using FEMA resources and expertise to  provide essential staff, supplies, transportation, and other resources  necessary to ensure that every vaccine dose is actually reaching the  arm of an American.   These activities are all supported through FEMA's Disaster Relief  Fund, and we must provide the funding needed to ensure that FEMA can  have the maximum flexibility to help our State and local governments  and resources needed to deploy COVID-19 vaccines to combat this  pandemic.   There are so many faces that have been on the frontlines of  responding to this unprecedented public health crisis: our healthcare  workers, delivery workers, grocery store employees, and so many others  who have sacrificed so that we can have the care, the goods, and the  services that we need to get by. Essential workers include our  dedicated civil servants who work tirelessly to serve the American  people in countless ways--from providing medical care to delivering our  mail, to safeguarding our national security. We truly appreciate their  continued service under incredibly challenging circumstances.   To help ensure the health and safety of Federal employees and their  communities, we must provide funding to the Emergency Federal Employee  Leave Fund. This fund offers emergency paid leave, which ensures  workers can stay at home if they are feeling ill, and, by doing so,  prevent community spread of COVID-19.   This provision will also provide much needed flexibility to our civil  servants and their families as they juggle caregiving for children and  other family members with their remote public service work.   Our Nation's postal workers, who work tirelessly to deliver  prescription drugs, essential goods, and even our holiday gifts  throughout the pandemic, are facing unique challenges. Federal  employees who interact directly with the public, like our hard-working  postal employees and letter carriers, need better access to workers'  compensation benefits if they contract COVID-19 in the line of duty.   The effectiveness of our ongoing response to this pandemic depends on  our career Federal workforce, and these two policies are an important  step in ensuring the safety of civil servants, their families, and  their communities.   Finally, we need robust oversight to make sure relief dollars are  spent appropriately and are going to families, small businesses,  hospitals, and the communities that need them most.   When this body considered the CARES Act, I worked across the aisle  with Senator Johnson and the House to create two oversight mechanisms  to provide transparency and accountability to the American people.   First, we created the Pandemic Response Accountability Committee, or  PRAC. The PRAC is a new entity made up of new inspectors general-- independent industry watchdogs--and charged with overseeing the entire  Federal Government coronavirus response and all of the associated  spending. We also charged the Government Accountability Office-- Congress's watchdog--to conduct similarly wide-ranging oversight.   In just 10 months, these oversight bodies have published reports on  issues ranging from vaccine development to the Paycheck Protection  Program, and the PRAC has established a website where anyone can go and  see exactly where their hard-earned tax dollars are going.   We must continue to support both the PRAC and the GAO so they can  continue this critical work, keeping Congress and the American people  informed, ensuring taxpayer dollars are used responsibly, and helping  to restore public trust in our Federal Government during this  coronavirus response.   So it is clear, we are facing a crisis unlike any other in our  Nation's history. We must work together to pass robust and bold COVID  relief package. Michiganders and the American people are counting on us  to do the right thing, and it is now our time to deliver.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   