 Madam President, I rise today to discuss a piece of  legislation we may soon consider in this body called H.R. 1.   H.R. 1 does not solve the problems currently facing our election  system; it makes the problems worse. Democrats have labeled the bill  the ``For the People Act,'' but it really should be called ``For the  Democrats Act.''   This partisan bill represents the largest Federal power grab in  decades, and that is saying a lot after Democrats rammed through a  partisan $1.9 trillion stimulus bill just 2 weeks ago. The American  people elected 50 Republican Senators, but the Democrats are happy to  cut out half the Chamber and the millions of Americans we represent to  get what they want.   H.R. 1 would completely rewrite our election laws, hijacking power  from the States and giving it to the Federal Government to dictate how  our elections are run. This type of top-down approach is the opposite  of our founding principles of self-government.   Article I, section 4 of the Constitution grants States the authority  to manage their Federal election processes; H.R. 1 would take that  away. The changes to our free and Federal elections that H.R. 1  proposes should concern every single American. This bill forces a one- size-fits-all election system on our country by federally mandating how  States run their elections. This phrase ``for the people'' means  allowing citizens to choose their own leaders and voting processes, not  Washington dictating new rules of the game.   Let's look at a few examples. H.R. 1 would prohibit States from  requiring voters to show identification, photo ID, or otherwise.  Currently, 36 States have requirements where voters need to show ID to  vote. Nearly 75 percent of States agree that that is a good idea to  confirm you are who you say you are when you go to exercise one of the  most important civic duties.   But the point is, States get to decide. They get to decide the laws  on their books when it comes to managing their Federal election  processes. H.R. 1 would nix the law in those 36 States.   H.R. 1 would also make same-day voter registration mandatory in all  50 States. There are obvious concerns with same-day registration and  its potential to be abused. This concept isn't new.   Many States have already had the opportunity to consider it and adopt  it or not if they choose. But if H.R. 1 is enacted, it would overrule  the laws and choices of 29 States that have already decided they don't  want such a risky provision in their voting process.   Additionally, the Democrats are using this bill to make all the worst  practices of pandemic-era elections mandatory in all 50 States:  universal mail-in ballots, ballot harvesting, and the drop boxes, just  to name a few.   There may not be much we agree upon up here on Capitol Hill  sometimes, but I think we all agree that the 2020 Federal elections  voting process was a complete disaster in some States.   Many of the States that had the hardest time running their elections  were the ones that adopted the same provisions in this bill. Normally,  you seek to use best practices, but this bill adopts the worst  practices and forces every State to use them. That is the opposite of  how our ``labs of democracy,'' our 50 States, should work.   Every State is different, with different populations, histories,  challenges, opportunities. What works for Alabama may not work for  California or Oklahoma and vice versa.    State governments know the needs of their people and communities  better than bureaucrats here in Washington, DC. They have different  laws, and they have different rules and regulations, including when it  comes to voting.   The same goes for the counties within each State. Jefferson County,  the most populous county in Alabama, is different from Greene County,  the least populous.   While the State sets broad parameters, county governments are given  some flexibility to run elections in the way that is accountable and  responsive to their people. H.R. 1 fails to recognize the difference in  our States and counties.   This bill is not for the people. It is not of the people or by the  people. Americans want faith and trust in their elections. They want to  feel confident that the process works. H.R. 1 injects distrust into the  process, and that is not what Americans want or need.   In H.R. 1, we have a bill that will make States' voting procedures  more susceptible to fraud. There is more we could go into, but I would  say these provisions should be more than enough to sink this piece of  legislation.   It shouldn't be controversial to say that we should have robust  protections against voter fraud. Some States certainly do a better job  protecting against fraud than others, but, ultimately, that is up to  the State to decide, not the Federal Government.   The Democrats' repeated response is that election fraud doesn't  exist, but they only say this when it benefits them. They want to  rewrite the rules of the game for all 50 States from Capitol Hill.   I have been consistent on the question of voter fraud. I believe we  need more integrity in our elections, not less. We as a country need to  restore confidence in our electoral process. I have joined my  colleagues in calling for a bipartisan commission to look into how we  can make our elections more secure. But to completely throw away or  outlaw many of the safeguards we have would destroy that remaining  confidence for generations to come. But maybe that is the point of H.R.  1, which is even more reason to oppose this bad bill.   House Democrats are calling this bill the most important voting  legislation since the Voting Rights Act of 1965. The Voting Rights Act  was important, historic, and necessary. H.R. 1 is not. The Voting  Rights Act guaranteed millions of Americans the rights granted by our  Constitution that were wrongfully denied to them for too long. It was  also passed with strong bipartisan majorities in both Chambers of  Congress, despite Democrats' control of the Presidency, the House, and  the Senate. That bipartisan support showed the American people that  folks from different backgrounds can come together to work out  important issues.   Any reform to the rules of the game must be bipartisan, just like  they were with the Voting Rights Act. For one party to completely  rewrite the rules will destroy the people's trust in our voting process  and their trust in democracy.  [[Page S1515]]    Madam President, I yield the floor.   