 Mr. Speaker, I truly thank my colleague for organizing this  Special Order this evening for our friend Paul Mitchell.   Mr. Speaker, I come here this evening with no prepared remarks other  than to make some comments, as shared by my colleagues about this great  man.   Paul Mitchell is truly a friend. Paul Mitchell is someone I have  gotten to know over the years here in Congress, and watched him develop  in his own right. I watched him become a very serious and astute  legislator. I watched him join the Problem Solvers Caucus that we  started, and many of the colleagues have talked about the Problem  Solvers Caucus.   Paul came to us from leadership, and in that process he did some  things, because that is a very special club, and we have some very  special rules and commitments to each other. In order to fulfill those  commitments and those terms of honor in serving in that caucus with our  colleagues, he demonstrated publicly, privately, and to our fellow  members of the Problem Solvers Caucus what it means to be an honorable  Member of Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I will tell you, for that, I was forever grateful to  have been in a position to encourage Paul to join the Problem Solvers  Caucus. And he, in particular, one day exhibited that very limited  leadership quality that is so lacking here in the United States House  of Representatives today, in my opinion. He showed true courage, true  statesmanship, true leadership.   I just have to tell you, Paul, as we got the news about your  diagnosis--and I am speaking to you directly here from the floor,  Paul--we all immediately came to your side. We all, immediately in our  thoughts, in our prayers, in our bond of friendship, stood with you and  your family. And we are standing with you and your family as you go  through this next chapter of your life, and please know that you are  not alone.   To you and to your family, as a Member of this body, as a member of  the Problem Solvers Caucus, as a member serving your country, as a  great citizen, we all stand with you and your family as you go through  this ordeal that you face.   That being said, I join with my colleagues in saying, We know Paul  Mitchell. We know your heart, Paul. We know your tenacity and your  perseverance. And we know you are going to get through this, and you  are going to get through this in a way only Paul Mitchell can get  through it.   So as we come here today to give some fine words on behalf of you,  Paul, and on behalf of your family, know we are also sending more than  words. We are sending our shoulders to cry upon; our shoulders to lean  upon; and, as you have exhibited over the years, even a shoulder to  laugh upon during this difficult time.   And it is those lessons of life that you taught me, serving with you  here in the House, that you cannot take life too seriously; that life  is too short.   That is why, as my colleagues noted, Paul retired to be with his  young family and his other children, to make sure that he kept his  priorities straight.   And you did, Paul. You put your family, you put your health, and you  put your future first in regards to the time of your life to make that  decision to retire from this body.   So I am just humbled to be here with my colleagues. I truly thank my  colleagues on the Democratic side and on the Republican side for coming  here tonight to honor one of our best from the U.S. House of  Representatives, Paul, and that is you. And for that, we will be  forever grateful to be able to call you a friend; a colleague; and, in  the end, a survivor.   