 Mr. President, we gather together at a moment of great  division, at a moment of great passion. We have seen and, no doubt,  will continue to see a great deal of moralizing from both sides of the  aisle, but I would urge to both sides perhaps a bit less certitude and  a bit more recognition that we are gathered at a time when democracy is  in crisis.   Recent polling shows that 39 percent of Americans believe the  election that just occurred ``was rigged.'' You may not agree with that  assessment, but it is, nonetheless, a reality for nearly half the  country.   I would note it is not just Republicans who believe that. Thirty-one  percent of Independents agree with that statement. Seventeen percent of  Democrats believe the election was rigged. Even if you do not share  that conviction, it is the responsibility, I believe, of this office to  acknowledge that is a profound threat to this country and to the  legitimacy of any administrations that will come in the future.   I want to take a moment to speak to my Democratic colleagues. I  understand. Your guy is winning right now. If Democrats vote as a bloc,  Joe Biden will almost certainly be certified as the next President of  the United States.   I want to speak to the Republicans who are considering voting against  these objections. I understand your concerns, but I urge you to pause  and think: What does it say to the nearly half the country that  believes this election was rigged if we vote not even to consider the  claims of illegality and fraud in this election?   And I believe there is a better way. The leaders just spoke about  setting aside the election. Let me be clear. I am not arguing for  setting aside the result of this election. All of us are faced with two  choices, both of which are lousy. One choice is vote against the  objection, and tens of millions of Americans will see a vote against  the objection as a statement that voter fraud doesn't matter, isn't  real, and shouldn't be taken seriously. And a great many of us don't  believe that.   On the other hand, most, if not all, of us believe we should not set  aside the results of an election just because our candidate may not  have prevailed. So I endeavored to look for door No. 3, a third option,  and for that I looked to history, to the precedent of the 1876  election, the Hayes-Tilden election, where this Congress appointed an  electoral commission to examine claims of voter fraud.   Five House Members, five Senators, five Supreme Court Justices  examined the evidence and rendered a judgment. What I would urge of  this body is that we do the same; that we appoint an electoral  commission to conduct a 10-day emergency audit, consider the evidence,  and resolve the claims.   For those in the Democratic aisle who say there is no evidence, they  have been rejected, then you should rest in comfort. If that is the  case, an electoral commission would reject those claims.   But for those who respect the voters, simply telling the voters, ``Go  jump in a lake; the fact that you have deep concerns is of no moment to  us,'' that jeopardizes, I believe, the legitimacy of this and  subsequent elections.   The Constitution gives to Congress the responsibility this day to  count the votes. The Framers knew what they were doing when they gave  responsibilities to Congress. We have a responsibility, and I would  urge that we follow the precedent of 1877. The Electoral Count Act  explicitly allows objections such as this one for votes that were not  regularly given.   Let me be clear. This objection is for the State of Arizona, but it  is broader than that. It is an objection for all six of the contested  States to have a credible, objective, impartial body hear the evidence  and make a conclusive determination. That would benefit both sides.  That would improve the legitimacy of this election.   So let me urge my colleagues: All of us take our responsibility  seriously. I would urge my colleagues: Don't take, perhaps, the easy  path, but, instead, act together. Astonish the viewers and act in a  bipartisan sense to say we will have a credible and fair tribunal,  consider the claims, consider the facts, consider the evidence, and  make a conclusive determination whether and to what extent this  election complied with the Constitution and with Federal law.  [[Page S16]]        