 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding and  thank him for his extraordinary bipartisan leadership on this issue and  on so many issues that come before our committee. I want to begin by  acknowledging the leadership of the Speaker who has been an advocate  and a strong voice for human rights around the world, but particularly  in China for many, many years.   I rise, Mr. Speaker, in strong support of this bicameral version of  the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act, to ensure that the United  States does all we can to condemn the appalling human rights record of  the Chinese Government against Uyghur Muslims. With the ongoing  genocide against the Uyghur population in Xinjiang, and with the  crackdown on democracy and the rule of law in Hong Kong, the world has  seen what a glimpse of Chinese leadership in the international system  would mean: a rejection of human rights; a commitment to  authoritarianism; a silenced press; and the abandonment of the rule of  law.   In Xinjiang, over 1 million members of the Uyghur population have  been forced to live in squalor; forced to abandon their beliefs; forced  to abandon their children; and forced to work. Many have been tortured.  Many have died. All have suffered.   Policies undertaken in Xinjiang continue to stir the conscience and  represent this country's most agonizing human rights catastrophes ever.  The Chinese Government has unleashed a series of draconian measures  that should give anyone in the civilized world a pause. They have  mandated abortions, they have forcibly sterilized men and women; they  have forcibly taken over half a million children from their families,  and they have sent them to so-called reeducation centers.   They monitor the movements and the online activities of millions,  ensuring Uyghurs and other minorities are robbed of their privacy; and  they force Uyghurs and other minorities into factories for no pay and  with no recourse.   We must recognize that the Chinese Government built this policy over  time. What has happened to the Uyghur population is not borne out of  spontaneous brutality; it has been a well-planned endeavor designed to  extinguish a population that China finds undesirable.   This is a systematic policy that denies the Uyghurs their humanity,  their dignity, and seeks to ultimately deny them of their existence.   We must do all we can to ensure that the clarion call of ``never  again'' reverberates around the globe. This bill would ensure that  goods made in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region imported into the  United States are not made with forced labor.   I want to thank Chairman McGovern for his extraordinary leadership  and urge all of my colleagues to support the Uyghur Forced Labor  Prevention Act and again thank the chairman for his courtesy.   