 Mr. President, earlier this week, one of President  Biden's nominees for a very important office testified before the  Finance Committee. Actually, I was a little surprised. It is the  nominee for Customs and Border Protection, but, apparently, according  to the arcane rules of the Senate, rather than the Homeland Security  and Governmental Affairs Committee or the Judiciary Committee, it was  the Finance Committee that conducted that hearing. Perhaps there will  be sequential referrals, but that surprised me a little bit.   But I met, at least over the phone, Chris Magnus, who is currently  the police chief in Tucson, AZ, who had been nominated to lead--who has  been nominated to lead U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the Agency  responsible for managing security and trade and commerce at the border,  among other places.   Suffice it to say the Customs and Border Protection are overwhelmed,  given the current numbers of migrants making their way to the  southwestern border. In the last year, CBP has encountered more than  1.7 million migrants along the southern border, the highest number on  record.   To be clear, this is not the fault of the dedicated law enforcement  officials who are putting their lives on the line to protect our  children and our country from the influx of illegal drugs but to also  enforce our immigration laws. By the way, these are not policies that  they make, these are policies that Congress makes.   These men and women make incredible sacrifices to secure our border  and try to keep our communities safe, and we owe them our gratitude.  But we also owe them responsible policies and other support to give  them a fighting chance to succeed at the difficult job we have asked  them to do.   Unfortunately, the current crisis is a direct result of Biden  administration words and actions and outright refusal to fix the  policies that are being manipulated by the transnational criminal  organizations that smuggle people and drugs into our country.   We have seen a steady parade of messages and policies and inactions  and some actions in some cases, all of which crystalize into a clear  message to migrants that if you come to the southwestern border and  enter the country illegally, you will be likely able to stay.   I am reminded of the widespread shoplifting issues that we have seen  in San Francisco. Under State law, which has recently changed, if  someone is caught stealing merchandise for $950 or less, it is only a  misdemeanor, and rarely are those cases prosecuted.   But--surprise--people paid attention, and there is no shortage of  videos online showing individuals committing criminal offenses, filling  garbage bags full of items and walking right out the front door. This  is what happens if you send the message that you can violate the law  with impunity.   This problem in San Francisco became so expensive that a number of  businesses, including Walgreens, for example, started closing stores in  the city because they just couldn't afford the loss due to these  thefts.   The message is that if leaders send a message that says the law won't  be enforced, more people will break the law because there are no  repercussions, and that is exactly what is happening today at the  southern border.   The administration has essentially given the playbook to the migrants  and the cartels--the transnational criminal organizations that smuggle  people and drugs into the United States. It boils down to this: Cross  the border, surrender to Border Patrol, repeat these specific lines,  and you will be released to the interior of the country with virtually  no supervision.   And it doesn't surprise anybody that a huge percentage of those  individuals never show up for their future court hearing.   Earlier this week, I asked Mr. Magnus if he agreed that the  administration's stated policy of nonenforcement is a pull factor,  encouraging more illegal immigration.   We talked about the push factors: violence, crime, a desire for a  better life, maybe the smugglers whispering in your ear, ``For a few  bucks you can go stay with your family in the interior of the United  States.'' But he agreed that the nonenforcement policy of the  Department of Homeland Security was a pull factor that actually  encouraged more illegal immigration.   I was surprised but honestly grateful to hear the President's nominee  admit the truth. It is obvious. But it is still somehow a taboo  statement--taboo statement for the Biden administration officials to  make.   It is undeniable that the administration's actions have encouraged  the surge of illegal immigration and the humanitarian crisis that  exists on our border.   One example is the process by which migrants undergo--the process  they undergo before they are returned or released. Before the Biden  administration existed, there was a clear process for migrants who  crossed the border to claim asylum.   The individual would be processed by Border Patrol and undergo a  credible fear assessment. That is to see if they qualify for the  statutory definition of asylum, which essentially determines, at least  in a preliminary fashion, whether they qualify.   If the asylum officer determines the applicant had a credible fear of  persecution, that person would then be issued a notice to appear for a  future court hearing. That is a critical document that formally  commences immigration court proceedings because if they don't show up,  a default order of deportation will issue.   Well, I have heard concerns from a number of folks in my State about  the fact that huge numbers of migrants are now being released without a  notice to appear. Thousands of migrants have been released with what is  called a notice to report. This is a document that says when you get  where you are going, turn yourself in to the local Immigration and  Customs Enforcement office to start your removal proceedings.    These migrants haven't undergone a credible fear screening. We have  no information on the validity of their asylum claims, and it is  unclear whether the administration has given any teeth to the warning  that failure to contact the local ICE office may result in your arrest.  [[Page S7141]]    So the Biden administration has made it easier for migrants to  disappear and melt into the great American landscape.   Last month, Secretary Mayorkas, the Secretary of the Department of  Homeland Security, made things worse. He issued a directive, new  guidance, at the end of September that strongly discourages Immigration  and Customs Enforcement removal proceedings officers from carrying out  their duties unless a migrant meets specific criteria.   You can read it yourself. It talks about mitigating factors and  aggravating factors, and somehow an ICE officer, a Border Patrol agent,  is supposed to make an individualized determination whether this  individual migrant qualifies or does not qualify to be admitted into  the United States.   According to Secretary Mayorkas, recent border crossers should be a  priority, but it is only if they have been apprehended for some other  reason. He has basically said if your only crime is illegally entering  into the United States, we are not going to detain you. We are not  going to deport you.   The Secretary's guidance says that individuals convicted of serious  criminal conduct should be a priority for removal, but it is unclear  what crimes meet the criteria.   For example, is distributing or receiving child pornography  considered a serious criminal conduct? What about crimes like wire  fraud, racketeering, embezzlement, a whole host of other crimes that  you or I might think of?   It defies common sense to ask these law enforcement officers, charged  with enforcing our laws, to turn a blind eye when they encounter  individuals who have come here illegally and committed other crimes  because those crimes just aren't serious enough in the opinion of the  bureaucracy at the Department of Homeland Security or in the Biden  administration.   I am reminded of the controversial directive issued by another one of  President Biden's nominees to enforce our Nation's laws.   Rachael Rollins has been nominated to serve as the U.S. attorney for  Massachusetts and is currently the district attorney for Suffolk  County, Boston.   Shortly after taking her job as DA in Suffolk County, she released a  memo outlining a dozen crimes that should be ignored by law  enforcement. According to Ms. Rollins--this is a district attorney-- according to Ms. Rollins, individuals who commit offenses like  trespassing, shoplifting, larceny--which is essentially stealing-- wanton or malicious destruction of property or even possession with  intent to distribute drugs should not be prosecuted in Suffolk County.   Now, I have no issue with law enforcement using limited resources to  prioritize the threats to the community. But they can't exempt  wholesale classes of crimes from enforcement, and they certainly should  not tip their hat to the criminals as to what crimes can be committed  free of any consequence.   But under the Biden administration, unfortunately, we are seeing  similar action.   We are also seeing a record low number of deportations. In April, as  border crossings hit the highest level in 2 years--excuse me--two  decades, ICE removed the lowest number of illegal immigrants on record.  So not only are more people coming at historic numbers, but historic  numbers of people are--low numbers of people are being deported.   This, again, is part of an overall message that sends an unequivocal  message to the world that if you come to the United States illegally,  you are likely to be able to get away with it. There is a good chance  migrants will be released with a flimsy notice to report, and once that  happens, they won't be removed unless they are caught committing  another crime.   The Department of Homeland Security is charged with safeguarding the  American people and enforcing our laws. But its employees are largely  handcuffed because of the Department's own leadership and the guidance  they have handed down.   Again, there is no problem in my book with prioritizing the removal  of dangerous criminals who are in the United States illegally. But it  is another thing to send a message that if you break some of our laws,  we are going to enforce them; if you break other laws, we won't enforce  them--and thus encourage more and more people to come to the United  States illegally.   It isn't clear that enforcement and removal operations officers will  truly retain the discretion they need to remove illegal immigrants who  don't fall under some of the categories laid out by the Secretary and  his guidance that he issued in late September.   Considering everything we have heard from our friends across the  aisle when it comes to immigration enforcement, this radical action by  the administration is not completely surprising.   Vice President Harris, who was appointed by the President to deal  with the crisis at the border, once compared ICE to the Ku Klux Klan.  And a number of our colleagues have sided with radical activists who  want to defund the police.   With violent crime and murder rates on the rise across the country,  it is no surprise that the American people overwhelmingly disagree with  this idea of defunding the police.   I was gratified to see after this defund movement hit--had its  heyday, that a year later, most of the jurisdictions around the country  had restored the funding because of the disastrous consequences of  defunding the police. But it is harder to resurrect a police department  to recruit new people and train them than it is to defund them and  shrink the size of the department.    But now we have gone from defunding law enforcement to defanging law  enforcement. Slowly, we have seen the tools law enforcement needs to  keep our communities safe being taken away from them, and our law  enforcement officers are being told: You cannot do your job.   Liberal activists can throw out their ``Abolish ICE'' posters because  the administration is effectively nullifying the policy from the  inside.   The reality of the situation, however inconvenient it may seem, is  that by entering the United States illegally, migrants are violating  U.S. law. Again, it is not something that is dictated by the Department  of Homeland Security or by Border Patrol; these are laws that Congress  has passed and previous Presidents have signed into law.   As I said at the beginning, we are fortunate to have the hard-working  men and women of ICE and CBP who are committed to enforcing our laws  and safeguarding the American people, but this policy of nonenforcement  and of providing additional pull factors to encourage people to  illegally enter the United States has to be demoralizing to the very  people we are depending upon to keep our country safe.   Make no mistake, the President bears full responsibility for this  crisis. He is the one who could make the difference. He could change it  with the stroke of a pen.   January was the only full month this year that President Biden was  not President of the United States. It is also no coincidence that it  was the only month in which fewer than 100,000 migrants crossed our  southern border. The Biden administration has made nonenforcement the  de facto response to the border crisis, and as a result, annual  apprehensions have hit an alltime high. Until the Biden administration  changes the playbook, migrants will continue to flood the zone using  the very plays that the administration has laid out for them.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   