 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to oppose  Democrats' latest multitrillion-dollar spending spree.   It has only been 4 months since the Democrats passed a $1.9 trillion  spending bill, and it was done through Congress on a party-line vote.  Not a single Republican voted for the bill. The Democrats put the whole  thing on a credit card. The bill is going to be paid for by our kids  and our grandkids, and they are going to have to pay for it with  interest.   To me, that bill was completely unnecessary. It was a big payoff to  the people who run the Democratic Party--$86 billion for union bosses,  hundreds of billions for bankrupt blue States, and free vacation time  for DC bureaucrats. There was a big expansion of Medicaid. There was an  even bigger expansion of ObamaCare. Millions of dollars went for so- called climate justice.   The bill flooded the country with cash, and it did so without adding  goods or services to the country. So what happens? Well, prices go up.  It is no wonder that prices have gone up since Joe Biden took office.   Experts from both parties warned that the so-called stimulus bill  would actually cause inflation, and that includes President Obama's  economic adviser Larry Summers. Critics also included former Obama  economic adviser Jason Furman. I want to make sure I get the quote  right. He said: ``I don't know any economist that was recommending  something the size of what [we passed].'' Didn't know a single  economist who recommended it.   The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said we don't need any  stimulus funding. Well, that didn't stop the Democrats. The  Congressional Budget Office said our economy would be back to normal,  they said, this summer without a dime of additional spending.   Democrats, of course, ignored the experts. They got their hands on  America's credit card, and they just couldn't resist using it.   One measure of inflation is now the highest it has been in nearly 30  years.  [[Page S4969]]  Filling up a pickup truck in my home State of Wyoming--and I was there  again this past weekend--is now about $25 more expensive than it was  the day Joe Biden was inaugurated. For 3 months in a row, prices have  gone up faster than wages. In effect, the American people, because of  the inflation exceeding wages and growth, have taken a pay cut.   Two things I hear about every weekend in Wyoming: one, the cost of  things, and then I hear from small businesses trying to hire people,  trying to get people back to work.   We know, nationally, nearly half of all the unemployed people have  been making more money by staying at home than they would have by going  to work. That is because Washington Democrats continue to pay them  unemployment bonuses on top of the unemployment earnings that they make  in their own State. States have unemployment programs to compensate  people who are out of work, but Washington Democrats said: Not enough.  We are going to pay everybody a big bonus on top of that.   At the end of June, a poll estimated that 1.8 million people were  staying home from work because they were making more money not working  than they would make by working. These people aren't lazy. They are  logical. They see what the incentives are. Democrats are printing  money, and people are not going to work because they are getting paid  to stay home. No wonder that we have inflation combined with a record  number in this country of unfilled jobs.   Both inflation and worker shortages were created by this Democratic  spending bill. It seems the Democrats still haven't learned basic  economics, and now the Democrats are getting ready to make the same  mistake all over again. This time, it is even on a bigger scale. The  Democrats are spending taxpayer dollars like it is Monopoly money.   Democrats are getting ready to cram another bill through Congress on  another party-line vote, ignoring all the warning signs. Even the  Treasury Secretary, the Secretary of the Treasury, Janet Yellen,  admitted last week--she said ``several more months of rapid  inflation''; ``several more months of rapid inflation.''   Democrats see the inflation and say: Don't worry about it. We will  just send you another government check. Democrats seem to want the  entire country getting a government check.   The latest spending spree massively expands ObamaCare, just like the  last one. This new spending spree would lower the age of Medicare even  though life expectancy has gone up since Medicare was created.   This reckless spending spree would also give amnesty to millions and  millions of illegal immigrants. The amnesty includes nothing to  strengthen our borders. That is where the work needs to be done. It  just creates more incentives to come here illegally. No wonder we are  seeing the highest numbers of illegal aliens in 20 years, right now.  Many illegal immigrants have admitted they came here because Democrats  promised to give them government benefits: free healthcare, plus the  assurance that they could stay in this country.   The spending spree is larded up with giveaways to the Democrats'  favorite groups: union bosses, trial lawyers, leftwing professors. It  includes taxpayer funding for full-time professional climate activists.   So this morning, this very morning, Representative Ocasio-Cortez of  New York and 80 other Members and Democrats sent a letter to Senator  Schumer demanding funding of these activists. Senator Schumer went  straight to the floor, and he said he would include it.   Now, these full-time climate activists would get a government  paycheck, free healthcare, free childcare, free college tuition, free  housing--part of the Democrats' goal of replacing middle-class jobs  with government checks.   The majority leader came to the floor and talked about hiring  hundreds of thousands of climate activists--a climate corps. Think  about all the activists against the Keystone Pipeline, against drilling  in the Arctic. They would now be paid by the Federal Government.   This bill that we are going to be considering, the budget that the  Democratic Party is bringing forth, also includes supersizing the  Internal Revenue Service. In total, the bill is the single most  expensive spending bill in the history of this Nation. It costs almost  as much as America's entire role in World War II. It might not be  infrastructure, but it is a bullet train to socialism.   This new spending bill raises taxes. Yet it gives carve-outs to rich  people in blue States and owners of electric vehicles.   Let me be very clear. Not one Republican is going to vote for this  budget bill--not one in the House, not one in the Senate--not for this  loaded, reckless spending spree with all the taxes included. That is  why all it takes is one Democrat in the Senate or a handful in the  House to stop this freight train to socialism.   This means all eyes will now be on the Democratic caucus. Chuck  Schumer and Nancy Pelosi want absolutely every one of them to walk the  plank. One Democrat could stop this sprint to socialism, stop this  massive amnesty, stop these crippling tax increases. If none do, every  single Democrat will be held responsible for the consequences of their  actions.   The consequences mean more inflation, with higher costs of gas,  goods, groceries, more worker shortages, and more debt for our Nation.  Democrats did enough damage with their last spending blowout. The new  spending spree is twice as big, and the timing is even worse.   I yield the floor   