 Madam President, our Nation exists today in a time of  relative peace, with limited and manageable active hostilities  threatening U.S. national security.   On the horizon, the United States faces a militarily ambitious and  formidable but not yet insurmountable opponent in China and in its  quest for regional dominance in the Pacific.   Yet in the face of this new age of great power competition, U.S.  grand strategy continues to operate with outdated goals and across all  regions of the globe, lacking prioritization and desperately needing  scale.   After the botched withdrawal from Afghanistan and the corresponding  diplomatic, military, and humanitarian disaster, one would think the  instinct would be to jettison decades of military-industrial  groupthink.   One would think the American people, and certainly our men and women  in uniform, deserve a thorough, exhaustive review of what is working  and the huge swaths of what is failing in our military and defense  strategy, infrastructure, and planning.   One would think that Congress would reclaim powers assigned to it by  the Constitution to make serious reforms to protect the security and  prosperity of the United States.   One would think we would reform our procurement process and trim the  bloated, perversely incentivized military-industrial complex.   One would think we would prioritize resources toward the largest and  most imminently looming threats to U.S. national security.   One would think we would burden share with our allies where our  security interests align.   One would think we, here in the U.S. Senate, would take specific  steps to make sure that failures like the withdrawal from Afghanistan  don't happen again, whether in the Middle East or in any other emerging  theater of conflict.   Unfortunately, this year's National Defense Authorization Act fails  to put the interests of U.S. citizens first. This is not the  introspective or retrospective bill that the American people should be  able to expect and largely continues the failed--the failed--policies  of many decades past. The American people and the brave men and women  of our military deserve better.   We are, thank heavens, in a time of peace, with limited active  hostilities. Despite that, we remain intimately entangled in the  affairs of too many nations abroad. Our troops and equipment scatter  every region of the globe. We spend billions of dollars supporting,  supplying, and training allies who, in many cases, contribute little to  their own self-defense, let alone ours.   We face an ambitious opponent in China, as it seeks military  dominance in the Indo-Pacific region. There is no question that while  Xi Jinping remains in power, the PLA and the PRC will not shy away from  bold moves and the quest for regional hegemony. But the U.S. strategy  should not presume unrestrained, offensive intervention; rather,  targeted and scaled deterrence should frame the mission set across all  U.S. forces postured in the region. Further, the United States should  accordingly rescale resources in the war zones of yesteryear to  appropriately prioritize protecting the U.S. homeland and military  personnel from tomorrow's threats.   Congress is responsible for raising and supporting armies, of making  war, and of ratifying treaties. This bill neglects those  responsibilities.   Regarding Afghanistan, the NDAA includes funding and new authorities  for the nonexistent Afghan security forces, along with reimbursements  to coalition partners for supporting U.S. operations and a sense of the  Senate on future U.S. counterterrorism posture postwithdrawal, with  little eye toward reforming or removing outdated and overbroad  authorizations for the use of military force.   Perpetuating funding and authority to support a nonexisting defense  force is as much bad foreign policy as it is bad fiscal responsibility.  We must do better. The American people expect and deserve for us to do  better.   Additionally, this NDAA fundamentally changes the purpose and the  scope of the military draft. The new purpose is greatly expanded to  ``ensure a requisite number of personnel with the necessary  capabilities to meet the diverse mobilization needs of the Department  of Defense during a national emergency.''   Instead of being a seldom-used tool only for the most extreme cases  of compelling national defense, the draft could be morphed into  compulsory national service in the face of any emergency.   Even more troubling is the mandatory registration of women for the  draft. Look, all are immensely grateful for the incredible contribution  women make to our Armed Forces, but that participation should never be  forced. This bill paves that dangerous road without due consideration  given to its impact on young families and single parents.    Further, the policy provides no guarantee that women would not be  sent directly to the frontlines of combat, alongside and simultaneously  with able-bodied men.   While I am opposed to all of the NDAA's changes to the draft, at the  very least, this body should consider a reasonable amendment, a few  reasonable amendments on this front, including one of mine that would  prohibit the disturbing scenario of mothers and fathers being  conscripted simultaneously out of the same family, leaving their  children stranded without either parent. It also provides a similar  exemption for single parents.   I hope this body will consider and pass this amendment in the near  future. I also hope that the body will make that unnecessary by, first,  passing an amendment striking that provision altogether. We don't need  to be expanding the draft, and we shouldn't be making the draft  applicable to women.   This bill further reduces our military end strength by over 7,000  servicemembers. Troublingly, the biggest cuts come from the Marine  Corps and the Air Force. And in the face of an aggressive China, the  Navy also faces reduction in Active Forces when it arguably should be  the first contender for an increase in end strength, not a cut.   As we pivot toward the Indo-Pacific, our naval and our air  superiority are both vital. We need them. Our withdrawal from the  Middle East should reduce the level of Active-Duty Army personnel  deployed overseas, and yet the Army faced a less than 1-percent  reduction in that specific category.   This bill places us on a dangerous footing regarding future mutual  defense commitments. This bill would provide a vague, near- authorization for the use of military force to defend Taiwan against an  invasion from China. The question of war deserves here, as always, its  own debate by Congress, rather than a haphazard statement of policy  that may be abused by the executive branch in order to bring us into a  new conflict, into a new conflict without the people's duly elected  representatives whose job it is to decide whether we go to war to make  that decision under the light of day and with full debate that the  American people can witness.   Like NDAAs of old, this bill appropriates more funds to procurement  than anywhere else, with no reforms to the bureaucratic barriers that  make procurement so costly and so inefficient.   Finally, this NDAA does not sufficiently bolster our defensive  position in this hemisphere. The goals outlined by this bill are vague  and equate to an abdication of Congress's responsibility to give the  Defense Department instructions for a strategic approach to the Western  Hemisphere.   It provides blank check authority for the Department of Defense to  support programs and activities for purposes including institution- building to countercorruption and to serve humanitarian infrastructure  needs. This attempt at nation-building is misguided, and it will not be  helpful to us in our efforts to deter China.   Thankfully, there are a few positives in this bill for U.S. national  defense and for the security of the people of Utah.   This bill continues to support the development of fifth-generation  air power capabilities in the F-35 Program, continuing a critical  investment in our air defense--something that is also becoming even  more important.   This bill also fully funds the modernization of our ground-based  nuclear  [[Page S8816]]  deterrent, protecting the U.S. homeland for generations to come. This  important work will largely be done by the people of Utah and our  dedicated servicemembers at Hill Air Force Base.   The House version of the NDAA also includes my Military Spouse  Licensing Relief Act. It is important to note here that one in four  military spouses currently face unemployment or are actively seeking  work largely because of frequent moves due to their spouse's military  orders, which keep them moving from place to place on a pretty routine  basis. This provision in the House version of the bill would also allow  spouses of our military servicemembers to work in their chosen  profession, wherever military orders may take them in the United  States, without having to navigate the complicated requirements of  State occupational licensing.   My State, the State of Utah, led the way with this commonsense type  of reform that makes life and achieving prosperity easier for those  families who serve our Nation. It should become law. We need it. Our  military families need it. Our military and the American people  generally would be much better off with it.   We could have done more. This National Defense Authorization Act  could be a pivot point where we reexamine our defensive stance in the  world and reclaim our constitutional arrangement here at home.   This NDAA could have been a turning point in which we in Congress  reasserted our authority over war-making powers. My National Security  Powers Act that I have introduced with Senator Murphy and Senator  Sanders would clarify and update and modernize the War Powers  Resolution.   The bill would also restore congressional authority over arms  exports. It would additionally require congressional approval of  emergency declarations and prevent the President from misusing  emergency powers.   The National Security Powers Act would rein in Presidential abuses of  the war power and make our Nation safer and more aligned with the  Constitution. It is bipartisan. It is exactly the type of reform that  belongs in the NDAA.   We must also make reforms to our emergency war spending. Though  President Biden thankfully didn't request, and Congress didn't provide,  the OCO slush fund in this bill, there is much that needs to be done to  restore Congress's power of the purse in the defense environment  specifically.   The Cost of War Project estimates that post-9/11 war spending totals  $8 trillion from 2001 to 2022. Of the $8 trillion, OCO and interest on  OCO funds accounts for $3.3 trillion. That is real money, and a lot of  it.   My Restraining Emergency War Spending Act would define emergency war  funding and require the Department of Defense and Congress to limit  spending set aside for emergencies to the purpose for which it was  authorized.   We also need to return accountability to our defense alliances by  requiring wealthy and capable Nations to contribute their fair share of  their defense. In the NATO alliance alone, only 11 of the 13 NATO  member countries meet the 2 percent defense spending requirement.   This means that 63 percent of the alliance shown here in red consists  of countries that don't foot their share of the bill. They are not  holding up their end of the agreement.   So my Allied Burden Sharing Report Act would help us know just how  much or just how little our allies are contributing. Now, this report  used to be published annually. It should be still. This NDAA would have  been an ideal venue in which to legislate the return of that report.   We also must use these legislative opportunities to prepare the  Department of Defense for future defense focused on the technology, the  reforms, and the regions of the future.   Our defensive position regarding China and in the Indo-Pacific should  focus on deterrence. Spreading our forces and our expensive equipment  to the ports and the shores of allies in the region is ineffective and  could prove more of a vulnerability than an advantage against Chinese  strike capabilities. A deterrent posture would combine defensive  strategy and operations to fend off possible attacks from a position of  strength and limit risk to U.S. personnel and assets.   Further, we must prioritize recruitment and retention for the future  fight. We need to provide a suitable and welcoming environment for  those in uniform and for their families. We need to end the President's  sweeping vaccine mandate and give our servicemembers the respect they  deserve.   After a disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan and the end of our  Nation's longest war, this NDAA could have been--should have been--an  opportunity to debate, rethink, and reform our Nation's defenses.   The National Defense Authorization Act--U.S. defense and security  broadly--is one of the few items this body regularly considers that is  explicitly, unambiguously within the enumerated powers of Congress.  Consequently, it is something that deserves due consideration and  significant debate on the floor in order for Members to be able to  raise issues like those that I have described today.   Yesterday, this body attempted to close debate on this bill without  consideration of a single amendment--not a single one.   While this bill does make key progress in limited areas, it does not  get to the heart of many of our national defense problems. It does not  restore Congress's role in our national defense. It does not provide a  holistic strategy to defend the United States and the people of Utah-- or the people of any other State.   This bill and the floor process yet remain missed opportunities, and  I am going to continue to fight for both necessary policy reforms and  for an open process generally on the floor. Anything less, particularly  in this critical area, amounts to an abdication of the duties of this  body to the detriment of the citizens we serve. We can and we must do  better.   