 Mr. Speaker, many of my colleagues tonight have been  sounding the alarm on the crisis our country faces at the hands of the  most radical, progressive fringes of our politics. Institutionally, we  are facing a grave danger right here in Congress, with a sitting Member  of Congress choosing to continue her anti-Semitic and anti-American  rhetoric from the halls of our government.   When a Member of Congress, who describes themselves as a starter of  fires, fuels anti-Semitic violence against Jewish communities by  perpetuating false stereotypes and anti-Semitic tropes; denigrates  strategic allies of the United States and accuses Members of Congress  of unconstitutionally pledging allegiance to a foreign sovereign  because of their support of the U.S.-Israel partnership; whitewashes  the September 11 terrorist attacks that resulted in the death of over  3,000 innocent Americans; draws equivalence between the United States  and criminal organizations such as Hamas and the Taliban, both of which  have been deemed by the Department of State as terrorist organizations,  it is the absolute responsibility of Speaker Pelosi and Democratic  leadership to hold their Members accountable.   Unfortunately, Speaker Pelosi has lacked the backbone to act and has  chosen to cower in terror as Members of Congress in her party shred  America apart from this podium.   They may call themselves a fire starter, but I have built my career  as a firefighter. I cannot and will not allow this behavior to go  unnoticed and be allowed to be swept under the rug.   These comments and policy stances undermine the interests of the  United States abroad and weaken the effectiveness of our foreign  policy, sending a dangerous signal to our allies and our adversaries  alike that the United States tolerates anti-Semitism, that we no longer  believe in the long-term mission of supporting free peoples and free  markets, and that we no longer remain committed to combating acts of  terror against the United States and our allies.   While we are encouraged that several of my colleagues across the  aisle have posed their strong rebuke of these anti-American comments  and policy stances, the only rebuke on this issue that will have any  meaningful impact is one by the Speaker and the majority of the House  of Representatives.   To turn a blind eye on this would be a ``cowardly refusal,'' as  Speaker Pelosi characterizes it, to hold Members on your side of the  aisle accountable and dereliction of your role as the leader of your  party and as the Speaker of the House of Representatives, an  institution we all so proudly and honorably serve.   Anti-Americans have no right to threaten our country without  retribution. America deserves better.   