 Mr. Speaker, this bill is just the first taste of a  bitter brew concocted by those who pushed through $1.9 trillion of pure  deficit spending last week.   Now, this measure involves our paygo rules. You remember paygo. The  current version dates to 2010. In those days everyone was worried about  a $1.3 trillion deficit and $13 trillion of national debt. Isn't that  adorable?   Paygo requires across-the-board spending cuts to offset any bill that  spends money we don't have. And we just spent a lot of money we don't  have. As paygo works, the first installment payment for this Biden  binge is $345 billion of spending cuts every year for the next 5 years,  and that includes $52 billion in paygo and BCA cuts to Medicare, which  is expected to go broke in 2024 as it is. Now, that is just to pay for  the party the Democrats had the other day. So it is time to pay for it.   How do you deal with a bill like that? Well, it is pretty simple:  Just forget about it. Just wipe it off the books and start planning the  next trillion-dollar spending spree. In fairness, that is how both  parties have addressed paygo since we passed it. And the net result is  the deficit has nearly tripled and the debt has more than doubled in  less than a decade.   At least the Republican tax cuts in 2017 helped produce such a strong  economic recovery that our revenues went up. They didn't go down. Now,  that should have reduced our deficit, but our failure to control  spending instead drove that deficit still higher. In short, it is the  spending, stupid.   No nation has ever spent, taxed, and borrowed its way to prosperity,  but many have spent, taxed, and borrowed themselves into bankruptcy and  ruin. History warns us that nations that bankrupt themselves aren't  around very long, because before you can provide for the common defense  and promote the general welfare, you first have to be able to pay for  them.   Excessive debt saps the credit of a nation that is its lifeline in  times of genuine peril. It consumes the future prosperity of the nation  as interest costs swell. It saps the economic vitality of our Nation by  crowding out capital that would otherwise be available to consumers and  home buyers and businesses. It robs the currency of its value,  pilfering the Nation's savings and their pensions. It alienates capital  markets until interest rates rise and interest costs balloon into a  debt spiral. Once this starts, there is no way to stop it until the  whole house of cards crashes down.   Do you know want to know what that looks likes? It looks a lot like  Venezuela.   In the spring of 1945, there was serious concern whether we could  continue the war into 1946. Bond sales were failing miserably, war  taxes, spending, borrowing, and inflation had hollowed out our economy,  and the Nation's credit was nearing exhaustion. Now consider this: we  are carrying a larger percentage of debt today than we were at the very  end of World War II, and I fear how we could respond to a similar  sustained national threat today.   When a colleague told the great economist, Adam Smith, that a British  defeat would be the ruin of the nation, Smith calmly observed: ``Be  assured, my young friend, that there is a great deal of ruin in a  nation.''   But as I look at the unprecedented and unsustainable debt that these  policies are producing, I can't avoid a sense of foreboding that our  Nation is fast running out of ruin, and that a terrible day of  reckoning is coming.    