 Mr. Speaker, thank you to Congresswoman  Barragan for being a champion of this issue, and she truly is a  champion of this issue.   The coronavirus has wreaked havoc on our communities, especially  minority communities. Now more than ever, we must support minority  academic institutions and the critical research they conduct.   Minority academic institutions can play a big role in helping to  address the systemic health disparities minority communities are  feeling.   We must ensure schools, including Morehouse College in my home State  of Georgia, are able to conduct their research without disruption.  Without a reauthorization of this program, health research will have to  be paused or abandoned altogether. We must not let this happen. The  efforts of these researchers will help better prepare all of us to  respond to the coronavirus and other health inequities more  effectively.   I urge passage of this very important legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1460. The bill, the  Nicholas and Zachary Burt Memorial Carbon Monoxide Poisoning Prevention  Act is a piece of legislation that can save lives.   It would direct the Consumer Product Safety Commission to award  grants to install carbon monoxide alarms in buildings and facilities  that house vulnerable members of the population.   According to the CDC, at least 430 people die in the United States  from accidental CO poisoning every year. On top of that, nearly 50,000  people visit the ER every year because of accidental CO poisoning. On a  higher note, we can curb this statistic.   Better monitoring systems will ensure that people can prepare and  protect themselves. This bipartisan legislation, which I was proud to  cosponsor with my good friend, Representative Kuster from New  Hampshire, helps us move the needle on this important subject. Many of  us have heard stories of families being impacted by this tragic and  preventable outcome. Whether it is seniors or children, this bill can  help save lives.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for her hard work on this bill, and  I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.    Madam Speaker, I am here today to ask my  colleagues across the aisle to support the efforts outlined in H.R.  2430 to extend the emergency scheduling of fentanyl analogues.   This is an opportunity for us to work together to help stem the flow  of deadly fentanyl and its analogues into our country. This is also an  issue that impacts every one of us and the communities that we call  home.   We all know someone who has been the victim of an addictive or  illegal opioid. Just last week in my home State of Georgia, the Georgia  attorney general announced that he is investigating fatal drug  overdoses blamed on counterfeit medications--medications laced with  fentanyl. Those individuals bought illegal products they believed to be  Xanax, Percocet, and Roxicodone. These clusters of overdoses were  spread across my State, and I know we are not alone. It continues to  take the lives of our fellow Americans, and more must be done to fight  this.   Fentanyl is an extremely dangerous substance. Three milligrams is  enough to be fatal. It is 50 times more potent than heroin. First  responders just touching or accidentally inhaling the substance can  experience severe complications and possible death.   So where is this coming from?   Across the border with Mexico.   The GAO even reports that seizures of fentanyl from Mexico increased  by more than 200 percent from 2018 to 2020.   Every year, U.S. Border Patrol agents intercept enough fentanyl to  kill every single American several times over. In fact, the CBP  announced in 2019 that they had enough seized fentanyl to kill 800  million people.   I visited the border last week to see this crisis firsthand. I was  surprised. It wasn't a crisis. It was a disaster. It is a disaster on  the border. Border Patrol agents are so overwhelmed with a 20-year  record high number of illegal immigrants that smugglers and cartels are  using this as an opportunity to traffic more fentanyl.    If the President and Vice President would visit the border like I  did, then they would be able to talk to the agents firsthand and see  for themselves how serious this issue is. Instead, they have elected to  leave our border wide open.   We are inviting drug traffickers to bring fentanyl into the country  and distribute it into our streets--my streets and your streets, Madam  Speaker.   Madam Speaker, if we don't look at long-term scheduling options for  all  [[Page H1779]]  fentanyl products, then we remove the last line of defense to provide a  deterrent to illegal distribution.    Our communities are at risk, Madam Speaker,  your community and my community--all of our communities. They don't  care if it is a Democratic community or a Republican community. They  are at risk.   It is time for us to work together as a Congress to pass good  legislation. We started to address the opioid epidemic in a bipartisan  fashion when Republicans were in the majority with the passage of the  SUPPORT Act--a bipartisan product--and the Comprehensive Addiction and  Recovery Act. We should get back to working together, and this is a  great opportunity to do so.   Madam Speaker, as you know, professionally I am a pharmacist. I have  witnessed this. It does not discriminate. Opioid addiction doesn't care  if you are a Republican, a Democrat, a male, a female, African  American, Caucasian, or Hispanic. It does not care. It is an addiction  that is paralyzing our country.   Madam Speaker, I urge defeat of the previous question so that we can  immediately consider H.R. 2430.   