 Mr. President, I rise with--I don't know if I ever  actually said this on the Senate floor--I rise with a heavy heart  because of the death earlier today of a longtime friend, Rich Trumka,  who was the longtime President of the National AFL-CIO.   I call him a friend because my wife Connie--who is in the Gallery  with our grandson Clayton. My wife Connie and I have walked picket  lines with Rich Trumka, done rallies with Rich Trumka, and spoken on  behalf of workers with Rich Trumka.   He was a son of our part of the country--Pennsylvania, West Virginia,  Ohio. He was a coal miner, not just the son of a coal miner. I believe  he once told me he was the grandson of a coal miner, but he was a coal  miner early in life.   He embodied the soul of the labor movement. He understood workers. He  was for them and of them in ways that are unusual in America in the  21st century.   He understood and lived and fought for the dignity of work, the idea  that hard work should pay off for everyone. He understood what a woman  from southern West Virginia said to me some weeks ago at a ``Dignity of  Work'' hearing in the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee  that I chair. She said the words ``working'' and ``poor'' should not be  in the same sentence. Think about that. The words ``working'' and  ``poor'' should not be in the same sentence.   Rich Trumka understood the dignity of work. When you work hard-- whether you punch a clock or swipe a badge or work for salary or work  for tips or take care of children or grandchildren or children or  grandparents--that hard work should be rewarded; that no one who works  hard should not have a decent standard of living.   Few in this country have done more for workers than Rich. Giving  workers a voice has been his life's work. From his days in the mine,  when he was an outspoken advocate for trade unionism, he understood it  was unions; that carrying a union card was about empowering workers. If  you join a union; you make better wages; you get better benefits; you  get health insurance; you have more power over your schedule. You have  a safety net often when tragedy strikes. Rich understood that. He  understood that unions helped build careers and provide for families.    Our hearts are with Barbara, his wife, and their son and with all the  workers around the country. I can't even imagine how many workers Rich  Trumka touched.   I looked at the impact of just the work he did with me, let alone  with so many in this body; the work he did fighting for pensions, and  with his support--leading the charge, really--a million families in the  United States--more than a million families--had their pensions  restored back in March when we passed the American Rescue Plan.   He understood the importance of the child tax credit. He understood  the importance of the Affordable Care Act. He understood the importance  of protecting the right to organize, which 47 Senate Democrats are  cosponsors of. He was even, yesterday, on a call with workers in  Alabama, helping to encourage them to organize. He knew that his job as  a labor leader was to represent the hundreds and hundreds and hundreds  of thousands of members and their families but to always try to recruit  new people to join the labor movement, and he knew that it was an  uphill fight because of the way the system is rigged toward  corporations and toward employers.   He would say, if he were here, how important it is to carry on with  or without him, carry on his life's work by standing in solidarity with  all the men and women of the labor movement, who built the strongest  middle class the world has ever seen.   We see that middle class shrinking day by day, slowly shrinking, and  the reason is because we see the number of union members shrinking. He  knew the way to turn that around was the Protecting the Right to  Organize Act. He knew the way to turn that around was to get more  people organized, to give them the option.   Half of America would like to join a union, surveys say--at least  half--if they had the opportunity. Most don't because of the outmoded,  outdated, rigged-against-them labor laws in this country, but Rich  understood that. He understood people staying in the middle class. The  union card helped people join the middle class, expand the middle  class.   Also, one other point is, I thought of what Rich Trumka did. One of  the things I worked most of my career on is a better fair trade policy.  I voted against every single trade agreement that came in front of me  until 2 years ago, and that is because Rich Trumka played a major role  in changing NAFTA, in changing the USMCA, the United States-Mexico- Canada Agreement, and put in language that Senator Wyden and I worked  on that will put workers at the center.   The way that Rich Trumka understood government is, if you put workers  at the center of our policy--workers at the center of our trade policy,  workers at the center of our tax policy, workers at the center of  everything we do here; call it dignity of work; call it putting workers  at the center--if you do that, everything right will flow from there.  We will have a more just society. We will have a more prosperous  society. We will have more opportunity for our children. That is what  Rich Trumka was. That is what he stood for. That is what he was all  about. That is the fight that we need to carry on on his behalf and in  his memory.   I yield the floor.   