 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the legislation with  Representative McNerney, H.R. 3723, the Consumer Safety Technology Act.   You know, over my time in the Energy and Commerce Committee, I have  made several trips out to the CPSC and observed firsthand how the men  and women dedicate their lives to ensuring that consumers have safe  products, that consumers have products that are not going to cause harm  to the user.   And as we approach the anniversary of our Nation's independence on  July 4, I also have a lot of respect for these same individuals who  ensure that our fireworks that are sold at the commercial stands at the  side of the road also meet certain specifications.   So as we approach Independence Day, it is always a good time to  acknowledge the work done by the men and women in the Consumer Product  Safety Commission.   The bill we are talking about today actually passed the last Congress  by a voice vote, but it did fail to advance in the United States  Senate. It includes the bill that Mr. McNerney and I introduced, the  Artificial Intelligence for Consumer Product Safety legislation, along  with, as referenced, the Blockchain Innovation Act and the Digital  Taxonomy Act.   We are once again considering this bill because this is commonsense  legislation that should be signed into law to improve and modernize our  consumer protection agencies.   The Consumer Product Safety Commission has jurisdiction over 15,000  consumer products. Many of these are purchased online without the  consumer reviewing or assessing the product in person. Throughout the  time of the pandemic, Americans have sought to fulfill their needs  through online shopping, and many companies and small businesses have  innovated products to further increase convenience of daily life. The  pool of products available to consumers is continually expanding,  putting further strain on the Consumer Product Safety Commission to  ensure the safety of those products.   While technological advances are increasing the number of types of  products available for consumption, the Consumer Product Safety  Commission can employ advanced technology to assist in that mission.   This bill directs the Consumer Safety Product Commission to establish  a pilot program to use artificial intelligence for tracking injury  trends, identifying consumer product hazards, monitoring the retail  marketplace for the sale of recalled products, or identifying unsafe  imported consumer products.   It is safe to say that when the Consumer Product Safety Commission  was created, no one anticipated the sheer volume of material that would  be being imported, for which they now have responsibility.   Artifical intelligence uses algorithms to quickly automate human  functions and to filter and analyze data. Artificial intelligence is  already advancing capabilities in multiple sectors to better serve  consumers by increasing capacity and enhancing outcomes. As artificial  intelligence advances, it should be capable of helping predict fail  rates and identifying problems in consumer products before they can  significantly impact the market.   If we want the United States to stay ahead of China and other global  competitors, we must advance and utilize artificial intelligence in all  appropriate products and processes. I can think of no better place to  implement these capabilities than in the protection of products used  every single day by American consumers.   Mr. Speaker, I urge colleagues to support this bill. Again, it passed  the last Congress in a voice vote. We should advance it today.   