 Madam Speaker, I am from the great State of Texas, and  there is nothing great about the crisis at our border. It is  unprecedented. It is unmitigated. It is ever-escalating. It is  absolutely, absolutely self-inflicted and avoidable.   Because of the actions of our Commander in Chief, whose first job is  to protect the American people, and the irresponsible and reckless  unilateral actions, we have got chaos at our southern border. The  American people are suffering for it. The poor, vulnerable people being  abused by the cartels are suffering for it. Endless lists of tragedies  because of what is happening and what is coming out of the White House.   The answer, the solution in the midst of this crisis and disaster  like we have never seen from my Democrat colleagues is to offer  legislation to grant mass amnesty and citizenship; more green lights,  more incentives, more welcome mats to continue to violate our  sovereignty and to break our laws; not to be detained and deported, but  to be released and rewarded, cut in line in front of millions of  people. They don't get a free lawyer paid for by the taxpayers.   I can't believe this is happening in our great country. I can't  believe my Democrat colleagues are pouring gasoline and inflaming the  situation with more of the NO BAN Act, tying the President's hands to  do his job, to prevent high-risk folks from coming to the U.S., giving  legal counsel, giving navigators and people who can help aid and abet  the exploitation of our laws.    Madam Speaker, it makes no sense at all. In fact,  Madam Speaker, it is insulting.   We care about people. This country does more for the immigrant than  any in the world. We welcome those who want to make America their home,  those God-fearing, freedom-loving families. But they have to respect  our sovereignty. They have to respect the safety and security of the  American people. They have to respect our laws.   And I am waiting for the Democrats to respect the laws of this land.  On this issue, I am waiting. But this is spitting in the face of these  families and communities that are terrified. Ranchers are terrified to  leave their families in their homes.   And this is the answer? This is what you got?   Shameful. It is shameful. I am embarrassed.   Yes, I encourage my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the NO BAN Act.   God bless America.   