 The Commonwealth of Delaware?    The first State. The first State to ratify the  Constitution before anyone else did. It made Delaware the first State  and the only State for a whole week.   Jack Markell was a great Governor. I would like to say he is one of  the two best Governors we have ever had. As a former Governor, you know  what I am talking about.   Madam President, I rise today to ask unanimous consent to confirm  Delaware's own Jack Markell as Ambassador to the Organization for  Economic Cooperation and Development better known as the OECD.   I have had the privilege of knowing Jack for over two decades as a  steadfast Governor--a brilliant Governor, actually--of the State of  Delaware, chairman of the National Governors Association, and as a  prudent State treasurer for our State; someone who had a great career  in the world of business, most recently as a compassionate Coordinator  for Operation Allies, leading the national effort to resettle Afghan  refugees across the United States.   Jack is someone whom I deeply respect as a public servant and whom I  admire as a father, as a husband, and as a son.   After being referred out of committee by voice vote, he is someone  whom Senators from both sides of the aisle trust to serve as a steward  for American interests abroad.   I am confident Jack will serve the United States with great  distinction as our top diplomat to the OECD, and I am honored to  introduce him, if you will, here today on the Senate floor.   There are some people who might not know just what the OECD does and  the important role it plays keeping our world leaders informed and  their economies thriving.   Somebody asked me what is my favorite part of my job, and I tell them  it is helping people. They ask: How do you like to help people?   I say I like to help make sure they have a job, to make sure people  have a job and can support themselves and their family. That is about  one of the best things you can do for them.   The predecessor for the OECD--the Organisation for European Economic  Co-operation--was founded in the rubble of World War II to help  European nations to serve and disburse funds received from the Marshall  Plan and to lift up the economies of the world.   A little over a decade later, the organization was restructured. It  was restructured to open up beyond the borders of Europe. In 1961, what  we now know as the OECD was formed as a ``North Star,'' if you will,  for global economic research, publishing data and forecasts for  economic stability in this interconnected world that we live in.   Today, some 38 countries--38 democratic nations dedicated to free  market principles--send Ambassadors to Paris every year to help lift up  the economies of the world once more. It is a gathering place to seek  out and to share solutions to economic problems and challenges and to  strengthen our global leadership status.   Yet, for the last 4 years, not only have we as a nation withdrawn  from our seat at the international table, we stopped looking outward  for solutions that can boost our own economy. It has been almost 5  years--in fact, since January 20, 2017--since we had a Senate-confirmed  ambassador to the OECD--5 years. Five years away from the table, our  eyes closed to new solutions. That is particularly dangerous in the  wake of an economic recession. I think it is foolish. It is beyond  being foolish.   Right now, the OECD could use someone like Jack Markell. He will do a  great job representing our Nation, and he is ready to go to work. When  I think of Jack Markell, I think a lot about the successes he had in  the State of Delaware, serving three terms as State treasurer, a  position I once held, and two as Governor.   I also think of the great adversity he has been through. When he was  first elected Governor of Delaware in November 2008, the housing bubble  had burst, and our Nation entered the great recession. In an op-ed for  the Atlantic in May of 2015, Jack recalled it was immediately clear  that his time as Governor would be focused on one thing, and that would  be job creation.   And he was right. In the winter of his first year, the great  recession brought unemployment in our State to 9 percent--9 percent. In  an instant, our economy was in free fall, along with the economies of  many other States. The General Motors plant in Wilmington, the Chrysler  plant in Newark--both in northern Delaware--the Valero refinery in  Delaware City--all of these hubs for good-paying jobs for thousands and  thousands of Delaware families shut down just like that. Workers across  the State, whether an assembly line worker, a single parent working in  the finance industry, or a family farm in our agricultural sector-- every family felt the pain of that recession.   But Jack didn't shy away from the moment. He didn't lose sight of  what is important in the face of economic uncertainty. Jack Markell  knows all too well that in adversity lies opportunity. I think he  learned that from Albert Einstein. In the face of great adversity, Jack  Markell worked to court companies from all over the world to bring  their businesses to Delaware, to bring jobs back, to retrain the  employees who lost the jobs they had held for decades. He got Delaware  back on the move, and the voters recognized his economic prowess by  reelecting him by a wide margin in 2012.   Over his two terms as Governor, Delaware's unemployment rate came  down significantly. In fact, Delaware had the best job growth in the  region, bringing vital jobs back to Delaware families at places like  the Delaware City Refinery, a project that I was proud to work with  Jack on, and wages grew to be among the best in our country.   Jack Markell was laser-focused on developing the workforce of our  future too. Graduation rates improved, and Delaware launched something  called Pathways to Prosperity, an innovative program in schools across  America helping to better prepare students for a wide range of careers,  whether they go to college or take a different path--a different path  but a path to gainful employment.   For 8 years as Governor, Jack worked with both sides of the aisle to  get things done and improve the lives of Delawareans, and his legacy as  Governor of Delaware will be felt for generations.   I oftentimes like to say that the roles of Presidents, the roles of  Senators, Governors, and other elected officials is not to create jobs.  Sometimes people talk about the jobs that they created as President,  mayor, Senator, whatever. We don't create jobs. What we do is we help  create a nurturing environment for job creation.   What Jack Markell has focused on for years--for decades, actually--is  how to help many stakeholders in our State create a nurturing  environment for job creation and job preservation. Jack understood  this, and he will take that with him to Paris, with the memory of what  looking to companies and countries across the world for solutions did  to help families in Delaware. He will continue to look anywhere and  everywhere to help American workers.   Because of Jack's lifelong learning, he spent literally decades  thinking about how to bring more Americans into a more equitable,  prosperous economy.  [[Page S9184]]    He learned the fundamentals of economic development by studying  development studies and economics at Brown University and earned his  master's of business administration at the University of Chicago Booth  School of Business.   He learned what businesses need to thrive by serving as a senior vice  president at Nextel Communications and later in a senior management  position at Comcast.   He learned about equity as State treasurer, where he led a campaign  to promote the earned income tax credit for families and founded the  Delaware Money School to offer free financial literacy classes to  empower Delawareans.   He learned about the power of global economic solutions as Governor,  bringing vital jobs back to the State literally at the depth of the  great recession.   He learned how to lead with empathy. By answering President Biden's  call to lead our Nation's Afghan resettlement operation, he embodied  the core tenet of Matthew 25, and that is to welcome the stranger in  our land and welcome our Afghan allies with open arms and open hearts.   Jack Markell succeeded in no small part because he is a lifelong  learner, and every step of the way, he has exceeded expectations for  the people of Delaware because he has followed a simple but sacred  maxim, and I would quote it: A good job trumps all.   Before any politics in Washington or policy paper in Paris, he is  worried about putting food on the table--and not just in Delaware but  putting Americans back to work across the country so they can put food  on their own tables.   Today, as we continue to build back better in the wake of an economic  recession, we need someone who is constantly willing to look out for  solutions to help find work for those at home because, after all, a  good job trumps all.   So today, the OECD could use someone like Jack Markell, someone to  look for and bring with him global solutions to the economic challenges  of today.   Before I yield the floor, I am reminded of a story from when Jack's  second term as Governor came to an end. He decided he wanted to find a  way to raise money for Delaware's children on his way out. He settled  on a novel idea--a 3300-mile bike ride across the country, from  Astoria, OR, to Rehoboth Beach, DE, and along the way, across 50 days,  averaging 80 miles a day. He raised something like $120,000 for groups  like the YMCA of Delaware, Special Olympics of Delaware, Boys and Girls  Clubs of Delaware, and more.   Of course, I worked just as hard as Jack during that trip. I jumped  in my car and I drove 2 hours to Rehoboth Beach to meet him as he came  across the finish line.   He dipped his bicycle wheel--I think the front wheel--in the Atlantic  Ocean, as he had dipped his rear wheel in the Pacific Ocean some, gosh,  50 days before.   But that trip really shows you who Jack Markell is--proactive,  thoughtful, and more importantly for the OECD, always willing to look  for new, creative ideas to help improve the lives of Americans and  always willing to put in the work to get the job done.    We still have a ways to go to get our Nation's economy and the  economies of our world where they need to be, where we want them to be,  but I am confident that with Jack Markell at the helm at OECD on our  behalf, we will be able to get to the finish line, no matter how long  it takes.   With that, I urge my colleagues to join my wingman in the Senate,  Senator Chris Coons, and me in supporting Jack Markell to be our  Ambassador to the OECD.   With that, Madam President, I yield.   