 Mr. President, the United States is facing economic  challenges that we haven't experienced in this country for decades. The  supply chain crunch is leading to backlogged ports, and that, in turn,  is spilling over into empty shelves. Inflation is exacting a punishing  toll on American families; on their budgets, on their quality of life.   And it is not the well-off families that are being most harmed by it,  no. It is those who are least prepared to endure that. It is America's  poor and middle class; those who are working hard to survive from day  to day, trying to reach that American dream, trying to ascend the  economic ladder that the American dream has long enabled.   Now, each of these problems, in its own right, would be a really  serious and vexing primary concern for most people and most businesses,  even during normal economic times. But these are far from normal  economic times.   In fact, when businesses are polled, their primary concern isn't  about any of these things. It is the labor shortage. Businesses are  struggling to find workers. The Joint Economic Committee Republicans  released a report recently explaining that Americans have lost many  vital connections to work. Government policies and social pressures are  leading to a lower labor force participation rate than at any time in  decades.   This trend is worrying not only because work helps Americans put food  on the table--and it does, and it is necessary to do that--but also  because work often provides a sense of accomplishment and belonging and  self-worth. Work is a social good in its own right.   But businesses across the country are struggling to find workers, and  that is leading to more of these same problems, leading to higher  prices on things that people need to buy. All this is making everything  else more complicated, more difficult for America's poor and middle  class.   I have spoken to businessowners in Utah, who are closing their doors  for days each week because they can't find workers. Some businesses are  offering extremely generous salaries and signing bonuses for those who  are willing to work. Nonetheless, they are still struggling to find  employees.   Now, work is often the primary connection Americans have with peers.  Work provides a sense of involvement, taxpayer responsibility, and  community with others. Work is also the way we get things done. It is  how we manufacture, farm, mine, and build. Work is a requisite for  prosperity at any level, in any form.   Unfortunately, President Biden is making work more difficult and less  enticing, increasingly less possible. Raising taxes on Americans gives  them less incentive to work, and as the Penn Wharton Budget Model  shows, the Democrats' trimmed-down plan would cost almost $4 trillion  over 10 years and cost American taxpayers $1.5 trillion in new taxes.   Through his unconstitutional and sweeping vaccine mandate, President  Biden is forcing countless American workers out of a job and preventing  others from joining or rejoining the workforce. This is far from a mere  abstract constitutional transgression. This is a constitutional  violation that goes far beyond the text of a document that extends  deeply into the lives of the American people, especially the poor and  the middle class.   I have now heard from over 300 Utahans who are at risk of losing  their livelihoods due to this mandate. Their stories are gut-wrenching.  Their stories are tragic. Their stories remind me of how indefensible  and inexcusable and immoral this vaccine mandate truly is.   These are ordinary, everyday, hard-working Americans who all too  often are just trying to make ends meet, put food on the table, provide  for their families, and otherwise get by.   Many of them have legitimate medical, moral, or religious objections.  Many of them work for employers who have no desire to implement the  mandate and who themselves are worried about their ability to keep  their businesses open.   Now, I have heard from a number of Utah businesses whose management  and ownership have expressed these exact same feelings, and I have  heard from Utah workers who have expressed these feelings over and over  and over again. Let me tell you about a few people I have heard from  who have described this awful situation.   Now, one Utah business in the high-tech space has expressed concern  about losing valuable employees due to the mandate. The business that I  am referring to at the moment has implemented policies to encourage  vaccination and recognizes, of course, the value that vaccination can  bring to the workforce. Nonetheless, the businessowners are  uncomfortable with making these decisions for their employees.   The business's management said: ``We feel strongly that it is not the  government's right to require vaccination.''   They are absolutely right.   A growing Utah food manufacturer with 350 employees is very worried  about the mandate's impact on that company's ability to keep product  moving. This business plays an important role in food supply chains in  Utah, throughout the Western United States, and throughout the country.  [[Page S7706]]    Leaders of this business said: ``This mandate is government  overreach, is outside the scope and purpose of OSHA, and will have dire  consequences on our company and our economy in this extremely tight  labor market.''   They know that some of their workforce would quit if the mandate were  enforced.   Another Utah business is similarly worried. This larger operation's  leadership said: ``We are in a difficult labor situation. It is a daily  struggle to be fully staffed and produce the products our customers  expect. Some of our employees have stated they will quit if forced to  be vaccinated. Any disruption in our labor force will be critical to  our operations, and a disruption in our labor force not only means some  of our customers may not receive product they expect, it may mean  local, time-sensitive supply would not get processed. That disruption  would be devastating.''   Now, it is important here that I not be misunderstood. I am against  the mandate, but I support the vaccine. I have been vaccinated. I have  encouraged others to be vaccinated. These vaccines are helping  countless people avoid the harms associated with COVID-19. But this  mandate is already doing serious harm to our economy and to people who  want the right, the basic human right, to make their own medical  decisions.   That is why I, along with my colleague, the Senator from Kansas, Dr.  Marshall--Senator Marshall and I have sent a letter directly to the  majority leader, Senator Schumer. We have advised him, months before  the current spending period ends in December, that we will oppose any  funding legislation that enables the enforcement of President Biden's  employer vaccine mandate.   It is essential to remember here that Congress, the branch of  government most accountable to the people at the most regular  intervals, this is where the Constitution places the power of the  purse. This is where the Constitution places the power to pass  legislation. Congress, not the President, has the authority to decide  how Federal funds are spent.   Now, we believe our funds would be misspent in this way or any  endeavor that would harm Utahans and Kansans and all Americans, would  worsen our difficult economic situation, or would take away fundamental  medical freedoms.   This now marks the thirteenth day that I have come to the Senate  floor to oppose the mandate. I am going to continue to do so for as  long as it takes to beat the mandate. I encourage all of my colleagues  to join me in this effort.   And when I say that, I want to be clear. I am not speaking to one  side of the aisle or the other. I invite all to join me in this cause.  Why? Well, because Americans overwhelmingly--regardless of whether they  live in a red State or a blue State or a purple State, Americans  overwhelmingly oppose this mandate.   According to a poll recently reported on in Axios--hardly a rightwing  publication--revealed that 14 percent--just 14 percent--of Americans  believe that the response to someone not receiving the vaccine should  involve them losing their job.   Just 14 percent of Americans agree with President Biden that you  should have to choose between keeping your job and getting a vaccine  that might go against your religious beliefs or that might worsen a  preexisting medical condition that has caused your doctor to advise you  to be cautious in getting the vaccine.   These decisions are not those of the President of the United States  to make. You see, he doesn't have that power. My copy of the  Constitution says that the power to make law rests in this branch of  government, the legislative branch, the Congress. And my copy of the  Constitution says that he can't make law, which he essentially did when  he purported to have and purported to plan to exercise the power  unilaterally, acting alone, to require every worker at every employer  that has more than 100 employees--more than 99 employees to get the  vaccine or be fired.   This isn't right. Deep down, the American people know it isn't right.  Deep down they know that this is not a partisan issue. This is an  unabashed power grab by the President of the United States. It is not  one that is of the sort that the American people will accept kindly.   I have said before, I am not sure I can think of a more egregious  example of a President exercising power that is not his own in many  decades.   This is, in some ways, reminiscent of President Harry Truman's  decision to seize every steel mill in America in order to make sure  that the output could be dedicated to the Korean war effort. The  American people didn't smile upon that one. Neither did the Supreme  Court of the United States, which, within weeks of President Truman's  action on April 8, 1952, decided that he didn't have that authority.   Some may ask: Well, if it is so unconstitutional here, why hasn't the  Supreme Court acted?   I will tell you why. Because President Biden hasn't had the basic  decency to issue an order explaining a basis for his authority and  providing a basis for someone to challenge the legitimacy of his  authority to order every business with more than 99 employees--to force  its entire workforce to get vaccinated. He hasn't had the decency to do  that.   Consequently, no one can sue yet. Consequently, employers everywhere  with more than 99 employees are forced to guess as to what it would  look like. And in the meantime, their lawyers with good reason and  their risk management departments and their human resources departments  are understandably saying: We don't want to get caught flatfooted,  especially because we have been threatened as employers with $70,000  per day, per person, mounting civil monetary penalties.   This would be crippling to any business.   So what are they doing?   Well, they are getting ahead of it. They are guessing as to what the  most extreme version of the OSHA mandate might look like, and then they  are exceeding that. And they are already in the process of threatening  termination and, in some ways, in some cases, imposing it.   In many cases, they are not even having the decency to fire them.  They are, instead, putting them on unpaid administrative leave. This is  especially cruel because it renders them completely ineligible for  unemployment.   So, Mr. President, I ask you: Is this moral? Is this just?   Setting aside for a moment the question of whether this is  constitutional--and I assure you, unequivocally, it is not. But even  setting aside that question, is it moral? Is it proper? Is it  acceptable to do this to America's poor and middle class?   It is not.   I yield the floor.   