 I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I rise to speak in favor of the John R.  Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2021 in the expectation that the  body will soon have a vote to proceed to debate on the bill, to proceed  to debate in a forum before the American public, with an offer to our  Republican colleagues to offer amendments, offer improvements, offer  adjustments. This is incredibly important.   We had a vote on the Freedom to Vote Act last week, a bill that I am  proud to be a cosponsor of, along with the Presiding Officer. And I am  proud to be a cosponsor of the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement  Act.   What does the John Lewis bill do? It basically does two things.  First, it restores a vigorous preclearance requirement that was part of  the original Voting Rights Act, section 5, that was struck down by the  U.S. Supreme Court in 2013 in the Shelby v. Mississippi opinion.   The Supreme Court in Shelby said that you could have a preclearance  requirement but you couldn't apply that requirement only to the  geographic jurisdictions that were covered in the original 1965 act;  Congress would have to analyze and come up with a new set of criteria  for who should have to get preclearance done.   The second thing the John Lewis bill does is it responds to a Supreme  Court decision that was decided this summer, Brnovich v. Democratic  National Committee, to specifically lay out the elements of a claim  under section 2 of the Voting Rights Act--a claim that a local election  practice or a State practice dilutes the strength of minority voting.   The preclearance requirement is the one that is the most important to  me because, as a former mayor and Governor of Virginia, of Richmond and  then the Commonwealth of Virginia, I lived under preclearance  requirements, and I will spend a little bit of time talking about what  that is like because it is actually pretty easy and pretty helpful.   But the way the John Lewis bill, in my view, very adroitly fixes the  Shelby problem is it says: OK. Starting now, we are not going to treat  the South differently than anywhere else in the country; we will treat  every part of the country exactly the same. You are subject to a  preclearance requirement as a State government or a local government if  you have had a pattern of Voting Rights Act violations during the  previous 25 years.   If you had just one, that isn't enough. This has to have been a  pattern. And if there has been a pattern of Voting Rights Act  violations, you are subject to preclearance. You have to submit  proposed electoral changes to the Justice Department, and you have to  keep doing that until you have had 10 years in a row where you haven't  been subject to any voting rights violation.   So it doesn't penalize the South. Every ZIP Code in this country-- North, South, East, West, Midwest--is only subject to preclearance if  there has been a pattern of voting rights violations--a significant  pattern--over the previous 25 years. And as soon as you have 10 years  without a voting rights violation, you can ``bail out'' of  preclearance, and you don't have to submit your electoral changes to  the Justice Department anymore, unless you commit new violations.   How reasonable. How reasonable.   We would want to have additional scrutiny of jurisdictions' voting  rights practices if they have committed voting rights violations.   I was a city councilman and mayor of Richmond from 1994 until 2001.  And every time we changed a polling place or did redistricting after a  census or contemplated new rules about the timing in primary elections,  we had to submit it to the Justice Department for a preclearance  because Richmond--the capital of the Confederacy--had a documented  history of suppressing minority vote for a very long time.   I was the Governor of Virginia--Lieutenant Governor and Governor-- from 2002 until 2010. And the same thing at the State level: when we  did redistricting after censuses, when we contemplated in our  legislature new voting rules, we had to submit to the Justice  Department, preclearance requirement. We would send it to them 90 days  before the proposed change would go into effect. The Justice Department  would analyze the change. And then they, almost in every instance, in  my experience, would reach back out and say: That is fine. Your change  is fine. You can go ahead and implement it.   Sometimes they would reach out and say: We have a question or could  you think about this; might you make an adjustment? So it was a  dialogue. And that dialogue was productive.   And then the Justice Department would give Richmond or Virginia a  green light and we would make those changes and we would make them with  some assurance. It was actually helpful. It was helpful to run a change  by the Justice Department and have it looked at by voting rights  experts to make sure that we weren't unwittingly, we weren't  intentionally--but that we weren't unwittingly doing anything that  would suppress anyone's votes.   And once we got that preclearance green light, we would move ahead  with the voting changes with confidence. It was simple. It was easy. It  was a standard practice that we were all used to. It didn't impose any  additional burden or time on the city government or the State  government.   And so it deeply troubles me that colleagues of mine now are  reluctant to go back to a vigorous preclearance requirement for  jurisdictions that have had an established pattern of voting rights  violations. This preclearance fix in the John Lewis Act is extremely  important.   Two more points. I want to plead with my colleagues in the GOP--the  Republican Party--on this bill, and then I want to express my sense of  urgency about it.   By my reading of our history, the Republican Party throughout most of  its life has been a great voting rights party--a great voting rights  party. In the aftermath of the Civil War, it was the Republican-led  Senate and House that passed the 15th Amendment--the  [[Page S7402]]  constitutional prohibition against any jurisdiction using race to  disqualify a voter.   I would like to say that the Democrats in the late 1860s were  supportive of those provisions; it was the Republican Party, frankly,  that got the Constitution improved by passing the 15th Amendment.   The 19th Amendment, pages, guaranteed women the right to vote. Now,  that was done in a Democratic administration, President Woodrow Wilson,  at a time when Congress was majority Democrat, but it was done with the  full support of the Republican Party. The 19th Amendment had strong  Republican Party support.   The Voting Rights Act of 1965, which the John Lewis bill goes in and  amends--it was done at the time that Democrats had the majority in this  body, but it would not have happened without Senate Republicans. In  fact, Senate Republican were more supportive of the Voting Rights Act  than were Senate Democrats in 1965.   So there has been a pattern--1870, 1919, 1965--of the Republican  Party being a party through much of its life--being a party that was  interested in expanding the franchise and encouraging more people to  vote.   It happened again when Richard Nixon was President.   The 26th Amendment, pages, giving 18-year-olds the right to vote,  changing the Federal voting age in Federal elections from 21 to 18,  that was done under President Richard Nixon--again, with both  Republican and Democratic support.   The Voting Rights Act, after it was passed in 1965, had to be  reauthorized every 5 or 10 years. And it was often reauthorized by  unanimous vote, with Republican Senators largely being on board.   It really only was about the time of the beginning of the Obama  Presidency, frankly, that the GOP, which had been rock-solid stalwarts  for expanding the franchise, began to change.   When the Shelby decision was reached in 2013, it was just a couple of  years after the Voting Rights Act had been reauthorized with solid and  overwhelming Republican support.   And this particular fix in the John Lewis bill to say, OK,  preclearance; we are not going to put a scarlet letter on you if you  are in a Southern State; we will have everyone precleared if you had a  pattern of demonstrated voting rights violations--we went to Republican  colleagues with that in a bill near immediately after the Shelby  decision and were not able to find even one--even one--Republican in  the House or in the Senate that would sponsor a fix to this bill.   It is my hope that when we call this vote up in the next couple of  days that colleagues of mine in the Grand Old Party, who have had this  more than century-long tradition of being a party willing to expand the  franchise and encourage people to vote, will reclaim their own heritage  and decide to be a pro-voting rights party.   Last thing, sense of urgency. I was not only the mayor of Richmond  and the Governor of Virginia--a State with a significant African- American population and a State with a very notable history, a  challenging history, a painful history, a triumphant history as well;  like most history, Virginia history is so mixed; there is so much pain  and tragedy and triumph and hard to make sense out of it--but I have  always been passionate for voting rights because of my understanding of  our history and, particularly, the disenfranchisement that African  Americans, women, and others have faced.    One thing I have never faced, though, is I have never faced  disenfranchisement. I have been a supporter of voting rights for those  who have. I was a civil rights lawyer. I did voting rights cases. So I  have been a supporter. I have been an ally. I have been an advocate.  But never in my life--never in my life--did I feel like Tim Kaine, a  Caucasian male born in 1958--that somebody was trying to disenfranchise  me.   I had that experience for 1 day of my life. And as passionate as I  was before that 1 day, I now understand this in a completely different  way. That day was January 6, 2021. As we were here in the Capitol and  the Capitol was under attack by people who were attacking to try to  stop the certification of the November 2020 election, they were  basically trying to disenfranchise 81 million people who had voted for  Joe Biden and Kamala Harris.   And my overwhelming reaction that day was complicated, and I was  having a hard time figuring out what I was feeling. Even when we heard  gunshots, even when we were being escorted and could see the rampagers  not far from us, I was not afraid; I was furious. I wasn't feeling  fear; I was feeling anger. And I realized later that that anger stemmed  from the fact that at age 62, almost 63, for the first time in my life,  just for a moment, I had a sense of what it meant to have someone else  trying to disenfranchise me.   Many of my friends and constituents in Richmond--they have felt that  sense for their entire lives. They felt it very personally. They feel  it very personally. They hate that feeling. They want us to be that  small ``d'' democracy, where everyone can participate. I had never felt  that personally, but on that day, I did. And that day gave me just a  glimpse--just a glimpse--of how devastating, demoralizing, frightening,  angering it is to know that society is trying to keep you away from  participation.   So that experience, which was just for a day because on January 7 I  was back to my norm, where no one was trying to disenfranchise me--and  yet those actions that are being taken in statehouses around this  country to take away people's rights to participate, they mean  something different to me than they did on January 5 because I had that  one moment where I felt like this is me.   I sort of hated that day, but if it took that day to help me realize  the importance of this issue, then that day had a purpose in my life  that was not just a negative purpose, a positive one. And it is my deep  hope that both parties, as we have before--Democrats and Republicans-- will join together to protect people's rights to participate in this  greatest democracy on Earth.   I look forward to this debate. I look forward to getting a voting  rights protection measure that is meaningful through this body, as has  happened before. If we can do it here, we will be honoring a history,  where, even when it has been tough, we have been able to do it. And we  can do it again.   And with that, I yield the floor.    Madam President.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, we need to  leave the science to scientists and researchers. Our public health  Agencies, including the CDC and NIH, already release their studies  publicly, and it is important that they have control over the release  of this information.   Forcing researchers to put out studies on an arbitrary timeline--this  bill requires all studies to be released within 14 days from the  passage of the bill--could force the release of studies before data  collection is complete, before they are done analyzing and reviewing  the data, before it is peer reviewed. It might force them to put out  studies that were funded that came to inconclusive results that might  be confusing to the public.   So I think having a bill that would force release of material based  on a date when a particular bill passed rather than when the science is  done and it is ready to be released could be a recipe for  disinformation and distrust.   The bill seems to imagine a scenario where there is critical science  being hidden away or stonewalled, and I have no reason to believe that  is true. That would be a dangerous suggestion at a time when we are  trying to encourage people to follow the guidance of these Agencies,  and the Agencies are working around-the-clock to provide lifesaving  cures and up-to-date information about how people can keep their  families safe from COVID.   Based upon those reasons, I object.   