 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Madam Speaker, though I agree with Mr. Mfume that we need  to find ways to incentivize and encourage agencies to contract with  small businesses, very much so, I do not believe this is the correct  approach.   This amendment, unfortunately, does not actually incentivize more  contract with small businesses in a meaningful way. There are many  underlying factors affecting the small business goaling numbers that  must be addressed first before we raising the goals. We need more  effective solutions to increasing contracting with small businesses.   First, the amendment does not address the concern of small businesses  leaving the Federal marketplace at a very rapid rate. In fact, the  amendment only incentivizes more dollars go to small businesses, which  can easily be achieved by awarding huge contracts to a handful of  mature small businesses, which can arguably be viewed as flouting the  purpose of the goals themselves. It does nothing to incentivize  agencies to contract with a greater number of small businesses, which  is critical to maintaining a healthy and competitive industrial base.   Second, the Small Business Committee has taken several actions over  the years to understand and address the problems of agencies  overreporting their small business goals. This issue is still a work in  progress. Some of these dollars purported to have gone to small  businesses may have gone to large businesses, perhaps legally, likely  legally. However, agencies are permitted to report all dollars as going  to small businesses when this may not truly be the case.   Similarly, issues with double counting of the goals continue to  exist. Raising the goals won't do enough--won't really do anything to  increase the transparency or accuracy as currently reported. We need to  know whether the government is truly meeting its goals before we can  consider raising them.   Third, it may be simply be too premature to raise some of those goals  my colleague proposes to raise. The government has never met its  HUBzone goal, yet the amendment raises the goal from 3 to 4 percent,  while the previous goals, as stated, have never been met.   Similarly, with the women-owned small business goal, which has been  met only a few times in nonconsecutive years, raising that as well does  not seem it would have the result that we are seeking.   Lastly, the SBA is undergoing some significant changes to its  government contracting programs; namely, beginning to fully certify  women-owned small businesses and service-disabled veteran-owned small  businesses. These goaling numbers presumably capture awards made to  firms that self-certified as women-owned, or service-disabled veteran- owned. Once the SBA begins to start certifying firms and self- certification is no longer an option, we should expect to see a  correlative dip in these two goals since there will be less vendors for  agencies to choose from. It may be prudent to wait and see the true  picture of where the government stands on these goals, once these  front-end certification programs are fully in place, rather than  raising them now.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, in closing, although I very much share my  colleague, Mr. Mfume's goal and idea, conceptually, in seeing more  contract dollars be awarded to small business, I do not believe this is  the correct approach.   As a member of the Small Business Committee's Contracting and  Infrastructure Subcommittee, I look forward to working with him, and  certainly others, to address the underlying challenging our small  businesses are facing in such contracting.   I do not support this amendment, and I urge a ``no'' vote on the  amendment.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   