 Mr. President, let me commend the stirring and thought- provoking words of my colleague from Maine, Senator King, about our  responsibility with respect to those who aided and assisted us in  Afghanistan and the status of this Special Immigrant Visa Program.   I think we have to begin with the decision to leave, which puts these  individuals at risk. In many respects, President Biden's hands were  tied from the outset with regard to our policy in Afghanistan. He  inherited a flawed agreement from the Trump administration, which  required the United States to withdraw all military forces by May 1 in  exchange for the Taliban's agreement not to attack the U.S. and  coalition forces and to constrain al-Qaida from using Afghanistan as a  safe haven.   It does not appear that the Taliban has observed many of the  conditions of this agreement, but we have observed the condition of  leaving promptly. The President originally set a date of September 11,  but military personnel have been able to rapidly redeploy, and within  weeks, we should be moving all of our military personnel.    The manner in which this agreement was reached was also deeply  flawed. It was negotiated exclusively between the Trump administration  and the Taliban, keeping our allies, even the Afghan Government, out.  President Trump's go-it-alone, rush-to-the-exits mentality led to a  deal where the Taliban emerged as the key benefactor while the United  States and our allies won very little. And while the Taliban has held  the condition of not attacking the United States or its allies, as I  indicated before, the remaining conditions were virtually  unenforceable. By any measure, the Taliban has clearly violated the  spirit of the agreement as overall violence inside Afghanistan has  steadily increased over the last year. The Taliban has also not made  clear that it will constrain al-Qaida as required by the agreement.   During this transition period, the Taliban has gained enormous  momentum on the battlefield. As the Washington Post recently reported,  Taliban commanders, motivated by their battlefield gains, have  ``overrun a number of Afghan bases, even as U.S. air support for the  Afghan army has dwindled, and set up numerous checkpoints along the  main highways leading in and out of Kabul.''   At least 24 Afghan commandos and police officers were killed in an  ambush by the Taliban in northern Afghanistan just last week.   It appears that the Taliban's tactics will only continue to intensify  as the transition of U.S. and coalition personnel continues, especially  as our airstrikes decline. According to the New York Times, there have  been multiple instances where the Taliban, taking advantage of the  situation, has been able to negotiate the surrenders of Afghan forces.  By their count, since May 1, at least 26 outposts and bases have  surrendered after such negotiations.   Violence has increased against the civilian population as well,  including a horrific attack against a school outside of Kabul,  chillingly timed to target teenage girls leaving class.   The Taliban's steady gains are contrasted with peace talks in Doha  that appear to be going at a glacial pace. With these dynamics, the  Taliban has no strategic interest to sit down and discuss power  sharing. The government of Afghanistan appears to hold a much weaker  hand in these negotiations, having proven unable to govern in a way  that earns the confidence of the people.   These concerning political and security developments are playing out  against the backdrop of regional players that should have high  incentives to cooperate to ensure stability and security of  Afghanistan. However, nations like Iran, Russia, and China may in fact  be working at cross-purposes to the U.S. interests, and others, such as  Pakistan, could be using their influence in a much more constructive  manner than they are today.   Taken together, these dynamics create a highly challenging landscape.  If not addressed deliberately, they could cause a cascade of  instability both inside Afghanistan and across the region. To mitigate  such an outcome, we must exercise caution and plan prudently.   And again, echoing the comments of Senator King, this brings me to  one of the most immediate and pressing consequences of the situation.  How do we help those whose lives were put on the line because they  assisted the United States?   There are many press reports of the Taliban threatening Afghan  civilians who helped us. USA Today profiled one Afghan interpreter who  explained: ``If the U.S. forces leave Afghanistan . . . I cannot  guarantee for one minute what's going to happen with me, with my  family.''   These threats cannot be ignored. We must demonstrate that we have the  capacity to protect those who have a target on their backs because of  their association with the United States. More than that, we must  ensure that we continue to secure the irreplaceable assistance of the  people who willingly risk their lives to help the United States the  next time our servicemembers are in a conflict in a distant land. If we  set the example of leaving those who assisted us behind, who will  assist us in the future?   Currently, the processing of Afghan candidates through Special  Immigration Visas or SIVs, which the State Department says is the  primary focus, may prove too little, too late. While  [[Page S4757]]  the backlog of candidates is 18,000 today, it is unclear how many  potential SIV candidates will feel compelled to apply as conditions  change on the ground. Processing applications has been further  complicated by a long vetting process, declining security conditions,  and a recent spike in COVID cases across Afghanistan, which has forced  the Embassy to shut down visa interviews. In order to handle the  demand, we must add at least 20,000 additional visas for the next  fiscal year and do so immediately and find other ways to further  streamline the process, as Senator King described.   We may also come to find that the SIV category does not encompass all  those Afghans who would likely be targeted by the Taliban. We should be  identifying others who may be at risk and start planning to ensure the  safety of those who would seek asylum as a consequence of a potential  Taliban takeover or if control of the country fractures.   Now is the time to think about creative solutions and, importantly,  understand what will be necessary to ensure that we live up to our  moral obligations. I know full well that the United States is capable  of this. We have been publicly assured by the Chairman of the Joint  Chiefs, General Milley, and Commander of Central Command, General  McKenzie, that the military can carry out such an evacuation, if  directed to do so. We have successfully conducted evacuations of  refugee populations in the past, including a significant number of  Vietnamese refugees in 1975, Iraqi Kurds in 1996, and Kosovo Albanians  in 1999. It is imperative that we deliver upon our promises now.   Providing safe harbor for these Afghans who are most vulnerable is  front of mind, but we must also ensure that there is a farsighted  planning process across the board to ensure success following the  transition of our military forces. And I would like to quickly  highlight several key questions.   First, can the United States and its allies and partners continue to  constrain the threat from terrorist groups like al-Qaida and ISIS that  would seek to use Afghanistan as a base for operations?   The Biden administration has discussed its intent to conduct over- the-horizon operations, but we need to ensure that we have accounted  for this complexity and are postured for success.   Second, how will the United States continue to distribute and oversee  aid to the Afghan Government and Afghan security forces? The Afghan  Government remains unable to generate enough revenue to independently  fund its military operations, instead relying almost solely on foreign  contributions.   We must have robust mechanisms in place to ensure the aid is provided  and goes to the intended places.   Third, how can the international community assist the Afghan security  forces with maintaining readiness, particularly air power--after all  international contractors depart the country? Again, that is another  term of the Doha agreement. After 20 years, we have not created a cadre  of individuals inside Afghanistan who can independently conduct high- level maintenance on its aircraft, which raises serious questions about  how the Afghans can continue air operations without international  contracting support.   Fourth, does the international community have real leverage to affect  Taliban behavior through political and diplomatic channels? Now is the  time to understand what levers are available to mitigate a potentially  disastrous situation for the people of Afghanistan, and particularly  that of women and girls.   Fifth, will NGOs be able to continue activities to benefit the people  of Afghanistan? There appears to be a lack of coordination, including  by the Department of Defense, to ensure deconfliction methods are  appropriately transitioned to the Afghan Government, which puts  humanitarians at risk and could delay the delivery of lifesaving  assistance to populations living in hard-to-reach areas.   The time to address these challenges is now. I urge the Biden  administration to continue to work through these pressing issues, and I  call upon Congress to assist where we can. The consequences of inaction  are too great to risk. We must rapidly increase the number of SIV  visas, and we must, along with the administration, plan for all the  contingencies that I have outlined.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, once again, I object to the Senator's  request for reasons I have previously stated. But in addition, on  Tuesday night, Secretary of Defense Austin released a statement stating  that he had received the Independent Review Commission's  recommendations and that the administration will work with Congress to  remove the prosecution of sexual assault and related crimes from the  military chain of command, a recommendation I agree with. I made that  clear for weeks now.   And this statement makes it clear that the argument before us is not  about removing sexual assault or crimes connected to sexual misconduct  from the chain of command. The argument is about removing felonies like  barracks larceny, destruction of government property of a significant  value, and crimes that have been handled by the military chain of  command effectively for years and years and years.   In addition, Secretary Austin notably praised the comprehensive  nature of the IRC's assessment across all four lines of effort, not  just military justice reforms, but, as importantly, prevention, climate  and culture, and victim care.   The necessity to approach this issue in a holistic and comprehensive  manner is vitally important if we want to actually reduce the incidence  of sexual assault in the ranks. We would be naive to believe we can  simply prosecute ourselves out of this problem. That isn't how this  will work.   Accountability is important, but it must be part of a larger reform,  and I hope we can all agree that it is far preferable to prevent a  sexual assault than simply to prosecute one.   Finally, I want to highlight Secretary Austin's statement that the  Department will need new resources and authorities to implement these  recommendations. It must work with Congress to secure additional  authorities and relief where needed, as well as additional personnel,  funding, and sufficient time to implement them.   And so, as I have said a number of times already, I intend to include  the administration's recommendations that derive from the President's  Independent Review Commission in the markup of the defense bill,  subject to amendment.   Colleagues who have dedicated themselves for many years to issues of  national defense and are knowledgeable of the UCMJ will have an  opportunity to make amendments, to make suggestions, to debate this  bill in detail, and then the result will be reported to the floor of  the Senate, and all Senators will have such an opportunity. That is  what we have done traditionally, particularly when it comes to  significant changes in the Uniform Code of Military Justice.   And with that, I would reiterate my objection to the Senator from New  York's request.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Brittany Fifer,  a Coast Guard fellow in my office, be granted the privileges of the  floor for the remainder of this Congress.    Mr. President, I would also ask unanimous consent that  Savannah Johnston, an American Political Science Association fellow in  my office, be granted privileges of the floor until we recess in  August.   