 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the Corporate  Governance Improvement and Investor Protection Act. I particularly  thank Chairwoman Waters for her support of the environmental, social,  and governance metrics. Her efforts have been heroic, and I appreciate  it very, very much.   Mr. Speaker, when we talk about investors, we are not only talking  about large, wealthy institutions. We are talking about teachers. We  are talking about people who are working hard for their money. We are  also talking about nonprofessional investors who have found in the  stock market a way to build their savings toward, for example,  homeownership, college tuition, and retirement. When we are talking  about investors, we are also talking about pension funds that hold many  hardworking Americans' retirement savings.   When a company engages in practices that put its business at risk, it  also risks the funds these investors have entrusted with it.   That is why the SEC requires public companies to disclose material  information, meaning information that a reasonable investor needs in  order to make a voting decision or decide whether to continue investing  in that company. Mandated and standard disclosures of environmental,  social, and governance, or ESG, metrics would provide improved insight  into long-term business performance and areas of potential future  risks.   These metrics are material to investors and central to their  protection. Together, I and my colleagues have worked to write  legislation that would ensure such protection. My bill--the first in  the package--requires the SEC to mandate standard ESG disclosures.   My colleagues' bills require reporting on specific ESG metrics that  investors have been advocating for over many years. I applaud  Representatives Foster, Velazquez, Casten, and Axne for their  legislation.   Additionally, I thank Chair Gensler for his advocacy that investors'  voices are central to materiality.  [[Page H2836]]    I have to say, climate change is real, and we have to take it  seriously. It is not a Member of this House or the other House taking a  snowball, throwing it, and saying: See, there is no climate change.   Climate change is real. Look at what happened in Texas this summer.  They were begging for energy because they were not prepared because of  climate change. They were melting snow in their bathtubs so they could  flush their toilets.   If you take a look at what is happening out in the West today:  drought, the unfortunate reality that we face the risk of catastrophic  fires.   All of this is climate change, and it is about time that we take this  very, very seriously as a country.   Some companies already do this. They already disclose the ESG  metrics. That is why it is important to have an equal playing field  where all companies disclose.   Again, I thank Chairwoman Waters for her heroic efforts here. I also  thank my colleagues.   I urge my colleagues on the other side: Take climate change for real.  Accept that it is happening. It is real, and it is catastrophic. And we  must take it seriously.   