 Madam President, I would like to speak about a topic I  spoke about before, and that is our policy toward Cuba. I couldn't help  but think, as I look at the Cubans protesting in the street, especially  as I see so many people in the streets in places where both my wife  Marcelle and I have walked, and actually our granddaughter Sophia,  where we know a number of the people there, and we see them protesting,  it hits twice as hard. They are demanding greater freedom and economic  opportunity. This illustrates a widespread hardship and hunger and the  need for fundamental change in Cuba.   Human rights are universal. Cuban people are no different from people  anywhere in the world. They want to be able to speak freely. They don't  want fear of retribution.   We have been told that the Biden administration is conducting a  review of the Trump administration's policy. It is the Trump  administration's policy toward Cuba which is now in effect. There is  nothing unusual about that review. New administrations regularly  conduct such reviews. But it is now mid-July, and the key question that  needs to be answered is not very complicated.   It is axiomatic that we have profound disagreements with the Cuban  Government. They have held power since 1959. They have held power by  outlawing opposition political parties. Dissent is often punished with  physical abuse and  [[Page S4845]]  imprisonment. The government's crackdown on the recent protests,  calling the protesters counterrevolutionaries and blaming the United  States for Cuba's ills, is predictable. They have blamed us for many  years.   I look beyond the headlines. There is no doubt that the Cuban people,  many of whom I have met, and I know they struggle from day to day to  make ends meet--they want greater freedom, and they want a better life.  They have told me that. They have told Marcelle. They have told the  other Senators, Republicans and Democrats, who have traveled there with  me. But the question now is, How should we respond? It comes down to  whether you believe that we should continue a policy of unilateral  sanctions, which have been in effect for decades, much of my life--they  have completely failed to achieve their objectives, and they have  contributed to the daily misery of Cuba's people--or should we instead  pursue a policy of engagement?   I believe President Obama got it right. You know, one definition of  ``insanity'' is to keep doing what has repeatedly and demonstrably  failed. In Cuba, it is worse than that. Our policy, which does not  work, has emboldened Cuba's hardliners, and it provides an excuse for  Cuba's authorities to crack down on those who dare to protest. But  worse than that, it has created a vacuum. And guess who is exploiting  that vacuum a few miles from our shores? Well, of course, the Russians  and the Chinese. And we undercut the Cuban private sector.   By any objective measure, it is time for President Biden to act on  his pledge to ``reverse the failed Trump policies'' that have  ``inflicted harm on Cubans and their families'' and ``done nothing to  advance democracy and human rights.''   I feel that if we allow those Trump sanctions to persist, we only  undermine these principles. They restrict the freedom of movement and  economic autonomy of the Cuban people. They compound the suffering  caused by the Cuban Government's own repressive policies and well-known  economic mismanagement. In fact, the repression in Cuba didn't decrease  during the Trump administration; it increased.   Biden administration officials have repeatedly said that democracy  and human rights will be at the core of our policy toward Cuba. Well, I  have been a defender of those principles for 50 years, and human rights  and political freedom should be a key element not just of our policy  but also of our engagement with Cuba.   But, again, the question is how best to support the Cuban people who  seek greater freedom and a better life. Is it to continue a policy that  has achieved neither, which is likely to be used as an excuse by those  in power to further stifle dissent?   In fact, engagement with Cuba will honor our commitment to human  rights and the recognition that American presence can be a positive  force in closed societies. That is the argument that Secretary Blinken  and others, both Democrats and Republicans, have rightly made in  defense of diplomacy and engagement throughout the world.   Neither engagement nor continuation of the Trump sanctions can  guarantee Cuba's political transformation. That is ultimately a  decision for the Cuban people. But--but--but engagement stands a far  greater chance of creating a new dynamic beneficial to the Cuban  people.   President Obama's engagement with Cuba showed that U.S. travel,  exchanges, remittances, and business ties expand opportunities and  information and income for Cubans, boosting the private sector and  increasing economic independence.   I visited a number of these people, often young people starting their  own businesses--small businesses, private businesses--doing it because  of President Obama's engagement with Cuba. It also initiated working- level discussions on a wide range of issues, from law enforcement to  property claims, to public health and environmental protection.   Raul Castro and his generation are in the process of handing over  power to the next generation. I compliment him on that. The current  leadership is rooted in the past, but they are also deep in a debate  about how to reform the economy, how to regulate the private sector,  and how to navigate citizen demands for pluralism, something they have  not seen. I believe American citizens and diplomats alike should  participate in that debate--and not from a distance, not from  Washington and New York and elsewhere, but down there.   Cuba's private sector offers a particular opportunity because Cuba's  economic policies are changing in ways that enable U.S. engagement to  have greater impact than was impossible even during the Obama years.   A new law will soon greatly expand the legal scope for private  business activity, and another is expected to give entrepreneurs legal  status that will permit them to receive foreign investment. The  government is enabling private businesses to import supplies and export  products.   Any of us who come from States that have an agricultural industry  should look at this. For the first time, the Cuban Government is  calling for foreign investment in private farm cooperatives. But for  U.S. citizens and businesses to be able to engage, several steps are  needed.   We have to remove the restrictions that limit the flow of  remittances, both family assistance and ``donative'' remittances mainly  used to pay and support private entrepreneurs.   Restore the travel regulations that were in effect when the Obama- Biden administration left office. This includes eliminating or  significantly reducing the Cuba Restricted List of business entities,  ending the prohibition on lodging in Cuban hotels, and allowing U.S.  airlines to service provincial airports.   Reverse the frivolous ``state sponsor of terrorism'' designation that  former Secretary Pompeo almost flippantly announced 9 days before  leaving office.   Suspend title III of the Helms-Burton Act, as all the Presidents did  from 1996 to 2019, Republican and Democratic Presidents alike.   These regulatory changes would permit the private sector to activate  and would be no burden on the U.S. Government. It would be the private  sector activating.   We don't need some grand diplomacy to do this. Dialogue with Cuba can  resume at the working level. Human rights advocacy at whatever level  should be a key part of any engagement policy, as it is in our  relations with other autocratic governments.   There would be broad support in this country for a return to  engagement. There would be vocal support from U.S. agriculture, from  the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, from many Cuban Americans, and from many  in Cuba whose lives have become immeasurably worse due to the COVID  pandemic. Given time to work, engagement policies would expand the  constituency for engagement in Miami as more Cuban Americans travel and  build economic ties.   This is also how you make progress with Cuba on cases of political  prisoners or other violations of human rights. You don't make this  progress by making ultimatums or threats or repeating slogans that  sound great but achieve nothing in practice. It can't be by  conditioning U.S. aid because we don't gave aid to Cuba. We do to some  military dictatorships, of course, like Egypt. It can't be by canceling  sales of U.S. weapons. We don't sell weapons to Cuba the same way we do  to some other repressive governments, like Saudi Arabia. It is through  building relations by making progress on issues where we share  interests, which can create the conditions for progress--making  progress on issues where we differ, like human rights and property  claims.   I don't expect we are going to come down here and everybody is going  to say: We all agree on everything. Let's talk about the things where  we do have differences. But you don't talk about it--you don't get  anywhere by making ultimatums from a country away.   I hope the Biden administration will be guided first and foremost by  what is in our national interest but also in the interests of the Cuban  and American people. Candidate Biden was right when he pledged, and I  repeat, to ``reverse the failed Trump policies'' that have ``inflicted  harm on Cubans and their families'' and ``done nothing to enhance  democracy and human rights.''   It is time to act on that pledge. It is time to encourage so many of  these  [[Page S4846]]  young people--young students, young entrepreneurs, young business  owners like those I visited and met with in Cuba--it is time to say:  Yes, you can be part of the world. Yes, you can work with those in our  country who want to make your life better. If we do that, we will see  the real change--not slogans of change but substantive change.   I see my distinguished friend and colleague from Ohio on the floor. I  will ask to put my full statement in the Record.   I yield the floor.   