 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of impeachment in  order to defend our democracy and protect our country from a President  who poses a clear and present danger to our republic. Last week, as I  was preparing to defend Wisconsin's election results on the House floor  during the certification of the Electoral College votes, the Nation  experienced an attack on our Capitol and democratic process. What  should have been a day of celebration as we witnessed the peaceful  transfer of power--something that makes America exceptional in the eyes  of the world--was marred by a lawless assault on our democracy.   It's of the utmost importance in the coming weeks to bring those who  perpetrated this violence to justice. They must be prosecuted to the  full extent of the law. However, we also need to address those that  fostered and even amplified the toxic climate that allowed this to  happen in the first place. Undoubtedly, this includes the President,  who openly encouraged a mob to march to the Capitol to disrupt  Congress's Constitutional role in certifying the presidential election  and later went so far as to say that the rioters were ``very special''  and that he ``loves'' them.   Words and actions have consequences. For months now, the President  and Members of Congress have spread lies and unfounded accusations  about the integrity of our election. In doing so, they unleashed dark  forces in our society and even incited a violent mob that attacked the  United States Capitol. Lives were lost as a result of this  insurrection, including those of U.S. Capitol Police Officers Brian  Sicknick and Howard Liebengood. My prayers are with these brave  officers' families as they mourn these devastating losses--their heroic  actions in defense of their country will never be forgotten.   It's time to stop perpetuating the dangerous lies that this election  wasn't legitimate--it was. It's time to stop weaponizing calls for  unity as an attempt to downplay a violent insurrection and avoid  ramifications, as if healing can take place without accountability--it  can't.   For too long, too many have treated our democracy as if it's a  football, something to kick around without consequence. It's not a  football, it's more like a fragile egg. If you break it, good luck  trying to put it back together. Failing to seek accountability now  sends a dangerous signal to the future because the next time an  authoritarian wannabe takes a run at our Constitution, all bets are  off.   At this time in our Nation's history, our party divisions have never  seemed smaller. It doesn't matter whether you are a Democrat or a  Republican, the choice now is between Constitutionalists and  Insurrectionists. Constitutionalists believe in the Constitution, the  rule of law, due process, human rights, and civil rights for all our  citizens. Insurrectionists believe in conspiracy theories, an alternate  reality, and putting a person or a party above the rule of law.   I can work with anyone that's a Constitutionalist, regardless of what  side of the aisle they're on. But as a Member of Congress, I swore an  oath not to any one individual or one party, but to the Constitution,  and I cannot work with anyone who is against it.   I have repeatedly called on the President to step down for the sake  of our Nation. I have  [[Page H191]]  asked Vice President Pence to invoke the 25th Amendment to ensure the  peaceful transfer of power. Unfortunately, these calls have gone  unheeded, leaving us no other option than to vote to impeach President  Trump. We must guard against any potential future danger the President  poses, send a clear message that this type of unconstitutional behavior  will not be tolerated, and restore the sanity and sense of calm the  American people deserve before the inauguration of President-Elect  Biden.   