 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that I be able to  complete my remarks before the vote.    Madam President, on Tuesday, the Senate Rules Committee  conducted its markup of S. 1, which is the Senate's version of the  Democrats' election bill that is designed to increase the Democrats'  chances of maintaining their currently tenuous hold on power.   We are told that passing this bill is urgent. We were told that in  the last Congress, too, when the Democrats first proposed this  legislation. They said the same thing--that there were serious election  problems and that we needed to pass this legislation to address them.   Then, of course, we had the 2020 elections, which the Democrats won  and which featured record voter turnout. In fact, it was the largest  voter turnout since 1900. So it became just a little difficult for the  Democrats to argue that there were grave problems with our electoral  system. Yet they still really, really want to pass this bill--a bill  that contains what one respected legal scholar has called ``some of the  most blatantly partisan, most obviously unconstitutional, and most  unwise provisions ever passed by a chamber of Congress.'' So they have  had to come up with a new rationale for trying to jam through this  legislation.   Now we are being warned about a new crisis: States, which under the  Constitution, historically, have had primary responsibility when it  comes to elections, are debating election administration measures that  will return our Nation to the Jim Crow era, and so we have to pass S. 1  to prevent the damage these States are going to do. The only thing, of  course, is that this crisis is as manufactured as the last one.   Take Georgia, the Democrats have made Georgia a poster child for the  need to pass election legislation.   ``Georgia's new voting law,'' the Senate Democratic whip asserted,  ``is a deliberate effort to suppress voters, particularly voters of  color.''   The President feverishly described the Georgia law as ``Jim Crow on  steroids.''   The only problem with that argument is ``the law does not put up  roadblocks to Black Americans registering to vote.''   Those aren't my words. Those are the words of The Washington Post  Fact Checker, but the Democrats haven't allowed facts or reason to  intrude when it comes to their characterizations of Georgia's election  law.   The Democratic whip has come down to the floor and claimed that the  Georgia law makes it a crime to give water to voters in line. In fact,  while the law does place restrictions on activists' and candidates'  handing out water and other items--an obvious conflict--it explicitly  permits neutral election officials to offer voters water.   The President has repeatedly claimed that the law is designed to keep  working Americans from voting, except it is not. The Washington Post,  as I mentioned, gave the President four Pinocchios, a rating that the  Washington Post reserves for ``whoppers'' for that claim by the  President of the United States.   In fact, as the Washington Post Fact Checker's piece makes clear,  there is reason to think that the law might actually--wait for it-- expand access to early voting. A fairminded piece in the New York  Times--hardly a newspaper that carries water for Republicans--concluded  that the voting provisions of the Georgia law are ``unlikely to  significantly affect turnout or Democratic chances.''   Georgia's voting laws are actually, in some ways, more permissive  than voting laws in some Democratic-led States. Georgia allows more  early voting than both the President and the Democratic leaders' home  States, Delaware and New York. Unlike Georgia, neither Delaware nor New  York offers any no-excuse absentee voting. I look forward to seeing the  President and the  [[Page S2503]]  Democratic leader talk about how their home States are promoting voter  suppression.   The fact of the matter is, Georgia's new election law is squarely in  the mainstream when it comes to State election laws. The Georgia bill  would likely have been barely a blip in the news cycle if the Democrats  had not seen an opportunity to distort this bill to advance their  electoral agenda. Yet I want to talk about the actual substance of the  Democrats' bill and why every Member of Congress should be opposing it.   We are supposed to believe that this is an election integrity bill.  In fact, it is the complete opposite. This bill would undermine  election integrity in this country. It would do everything from making  our election system more susceptible to fraud to undermining voter  faith in our electoral system by politicizing election law.   Let me just highlight a handful of the bill's worst provisions. Note  that multiple amendments to address these concerns were voted down by  the Democrats at Tuesday's markup, which says a lot about the partisan  nature of the Democrats' aims with this bill.   First, this bill would make the Federal Election Commission into a  partisan body. Let me just repeat that. This bill would make the  Federal Election Commission--the primary enforcer of election law in  this country--into a partisan body. Instead of an independent  Commission, evenly divided between Democrats and Republicans, which is  what it is today, the FEC would become just a partisan arm of whichever  President is in power.   Tell me how that is supposed to enhance voter confidence in our  system. Every single FEC ruling would be suspect. No Democrat voter  would trust a Republican FEC, and no Republican voter would trust a  Democrat one.   Speaking of trust, let's talk about election fraud.   The bill takes aim at State voter ID laws, which are commonsense  measures--strongly supported by the American people--to ensure that  voters are who they say they are before they vote. The Pew Research  Center reports that 76 percent of Americans, including 61 percent of  Democrats, support voter ID requirements.   Now, I have always been at a loss to understand the congressional  Democrats' passionate opposition to requiring people to provide  identification before voting. I haven't heard the Democrats spend a lot  of time complaining about requiring people to have a photo ID to drive  or to fly or to go on a tour at the White House, but, somehow, asking  people to provide an ID to vote is beyond the pale.   Great Britain is actually planning to implement a voter ID  requirement to prevent--you guessed it--electoral fraud. In fact, many  European countries, including France, the Netherlands, and Sweden,  require a form of identification to vote. Canada requires a form of  identification to vote. It is difficult to understand the Democrats'  fierce opposition to this commonsense fraud prevention measure.   While we are on the subject of electoral fraud, let's talk about  ballot harvesting.   In addition to effectively eliminating States' voter ID requirements,  S. 1 would also require that States allow ballot harvesting, the  controversial practice of allowing political operatives to collect and  submit ballots. Needless to say, ballot harvesting opens up a lot of  questions about voter fraud and election integrity, and that is to put  it mildly. Yet the Democrats' bill would not just permit States to  allow it; it would require them--require them--to allow it. I could go  on and on and on.   S. 1 would allow the unprecedented regulation of political speech and  issue advocacy. It would impose disclosure requirements for  organizations, which would open up donors to retaliation and  intimidation. It would spend taxpayer dollars--possibly tens of  millions of taxpayer dollars per candidate--on the public financing of  political campaigns.   That is right. With a soaring national debt and priorities like  infrastructure to fund, the Federal Government would end up steering  hundreds of millions of dollars to political campaigns. Perhaps the  best illustration of that is Senator Cruz, here in the U.S. Senate, who  pointed out that in the first quarter of this year under this law, the  Federal Government would have had to cut him a check for $30 million  for his campaign.   This legislation is not about voter integrity. It is not about  preventing voter suppression. It is about permanently changing the  electoral playing field to give Democrats a permanent electoral  advantage.   It is the same reason Democrats want to pack the Supreme Court or  admit DC as a State. Democrats want to use whatever political power  they have to secure a permanent advantage for Democrat candidates and  Democrat policies.   If Democrats were serious about protecting the integrity of our  election system, they would be working with Republicans to develop  bipartisan legislation, not pushing a bill that is unlikely to get a  single Republican vote.   Passing a huge Federal election reform measure on a partisan basis  would completely undermine one of the main purposes of election reform  legislation, which is enhancing confidence in the integrity of our  system.   I can assure Democrats that S. 1 would do nothing to enhance  Republican voters' confidence in the integrity of elections. I suspect  there are a number of Democrat voters and Independent voters who will  also see this bill for what it is--a partisan takeover of our electoral  system.   We are fortunate that our electoral system by and large seems to be  operating well. As I mentioned, see the record turnout of voters in the  2020 election. It was the highest turnout since 1900.   But there are certainly measures we can take up to further enhance  election integrity--not S. 1, which would do nothing to further  election integrity, but there are other measures we could take up. But  in order to have any degree of legitimacy, any election reform measures  we consider should be taken up on a bipartisan basis, and if Democrats  really wanted to enhance voter confidence and protect the integrity of  our system, that is what they would be doing--taking up bipartisan  legislation on a bipartisan basis.   It is unfortunate that their aims are more partisan than public- spirited. S. 1 is a solution in search of a problem that would result  in the unprecedented politicization of our electoral system. For the  good of the country, every Member of Congress should oppose it.   I yield the floor.   