 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2225, the NSF for  the Future Act, which I am proud to be an original cosponsor of, along  with Chairwoman Johnson, Ranking Member Lucas, and Chairwoman Stevens.   As ranking member of the Research and Technology Subcommittee, I am  proud of the process this bill went through to get here today, with  well over a year's work, including meetings, roundtables, legislative  hearings, and two committee markups.   The final bill includes over 13 Republican amendments and standalone  pieces of legislation and 11 recommendations from the House GOP's China  Task Force. It is projected that China surpassed the United States in  2019, in total research and development spending.   I would like to thank Chairwoman Johnson and Ranking Member Lucas for  their leadership throughout this process, which set the tone for  developing thoughtful legislation.   H.R. 2225 takes important steps in expanding the mission of the  National Science Foundation to ensure we maintain our edge against  rising global competition, while protecting the foundation's primary  mission of supporting fundamental research.   It makes key investments in the STEM workforce to expand the American  talent pipeline. It supports world-class research facilities, like  Embry-Riddle, Bethune-Cookman, and Stetson Universities, all of which  are in my district. It promotes the research needed to develop  revolutionary technologies that are crucial to our national and  economic security.   While making these investments, we also secure taxpayer-funded  research and technologies from adversaries like the Chinese Communist  Party.   The National Science Foundation Inspector General is seeing a 1,000  percent increase in FBI referrals for research theft inquiries. H.R.  2225 gives the NSF security office the resources, the authority, and  the tools for the foundation, for the sponsoring institutions, and for  the applicants to identify and address malign foreign influence and to  address research theft.    The bill also instructs the NSF to develop mandatory security  training to ensure that individual researchers, frankly, have no more  excuses and that they understand the threat and the Federal policies  and guidelines.   Lastly, Representative Randy Feenstra and I successfully added an  amendment during the full committee markup that bans grant applicants  from participating in malign foreign  [[Page H3204]]  talent programs, like the Chinese Communist Party's Thousand Talents  program.   It is critical that we strike a balance between keeping our research  enterprise open, but also protecting it from adversaries who seek to  take advantage of our open system.   There is more work to be done, but I think these provisions take some  big steps in striking that balance.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote for this bill.   