 Mr. President, I thank my distinguished colleague from  New Jersey for allowing me to go first because I have one of our  foreign country's Ambassador in my office.   Today, in the Senate, we have an opportunity to both alleviate a  judicial emergency and make history by supporting the confirmation of  Zahid Quraishi to the U.S. District Court of New Jersey, where he  currently serves as a U.S. magistrate judge.   As I mentioned many times in the past, the vacancies on this court  have been declared judicial emergencies by the Judicial Conference of  the United States. The U.S. District of New Jersey is one of the  busiest courts in the entire country, with 46,000 cases pending before  it. Yet being short-staffed has left our judges with mind-boggling  caseloads, more than three times the national average.   Fortunately, we in the Senate have an extraordinary nominee before us  this week. Judge Quraishi has devoted his career to serving our  country, and his story embodies both the rich diversity of New Jersey  and the promise of America as a place where anything is possible.   He was born in New York, grew up in Fanwood, NJ, with his parents,  both immigrants from Pakistan, who came to this country to build a  better life. In 1997, he graduated from the John Jay College of  Criminal Justice in New York, and in 2000, he earned his J.D. from  Rutgers Law School, my alma mater.   After a clerkship with the New Jersey Superior Court, Mr. Quraishi  accepted a position with a New York law firm. His first day on the job  was September 11, 2001, and the horrific events of that day prompted  him to change the trajectory of his career and focus on serving our  country.   In 2003, he joined the U.S. Army Judge Advocate General's Corps,  where he earned the rank of captain and served two deployments in  Iraq--first in 2004 and then 2006. For his service, Mr. Quraishi was  awarded the Bronze Star and the Combat Action Badge, a recognition by  the U.S. Army for noninfantry soldiers who engage in ground combat.   After leaving the Army, he continued to work in public service, first  as trial counsel with the Department of Homeland Security and then as a  Federal prosecutor in the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of  New Jersey.   In 2013, he joined the law firm of Riker Danzig, where he worked  until 2019, when he was appointed as a U.S. magistrate judge for the  U.S. district court and became the first Asian-American Federal judge  in New Jersey's history.   Now Mr. Quraishi is poised to break barriers once more. If confirmed,  he will become the first Muslim American in U.S. history to serve as an  article III Federal judge. My colleagues, Zahid Quraishi is a man of  integrity, a consummate public servant, and a trailblazer for Asian  Americans and Muslim Americans across this country who dream of one day  presiding over a court of their own.   We should all draw our inspiration from his story because it is a  story that could only take place in the United States of America. I  urge my colleagues to support this historic nomination to the U.S.  District Court of New Jersey without delay.   And I want to thank my distinguished colleague from New Jersey,  Senator Booker, for bringing Judge Quraishi's nomination to the  President and to myself, and it is an example of the power of having  someone sitting on the Judiciary Committee knowing the importance of  diversity, so that any American who comes before a Federal court can  think that someone like them is sitting in judgment of them. So I thank  Senator Booker.   With that, I yield the floor.   