 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I rise today in support of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs  contribution to the Build Back Better Act of 2021.   The committee has an important responsibility to advance measures  that support veterans and honor their service and sacrifice, as well as  that of their families, caregivers, and survivors.   Last week, we celebrated Veterans Day. The Build Back Better Act is  the perfect way to continue to show our gratitude with concrete,  meaningful investment for all veterans.   By making this critical investment at the VA, we can start rebuilding  VA's capacity in terms of brick-and-mortar infrastructure, human  capital, and support structures that serve our Nation's veterans.   Now, I have a difficult time believing my colleagues across the aisle  think that veterans are unworthy of this investment. The fact is,  veterans from Baton Rouge, Louisiana, to Beaufort, South Carolina, and  from Columbia, Missouri, to Clarksville, Tennessee, are among the  districts that stand to gain directly from these resources.   The most important piece of this legislation is the $1.8 billion for  medical facility leases that fixes a longstanding backlog of lease  authorizations. Take a look at VA's budget book, at the leases that are  on that list. You will see it largely benefits Republican districts. Do  my Republican colleagues not want VA facilities and clinics in their  districts? I don't believe that for one moment. I know that they will  attend the ribbon-cutting ceremonies, though, when this bill is passed  into law and issue press releases when these facilities are open.   Voting against this legislation would not only mean turning our backs  on our most sacred promise to our Nation's veterans, but it would be a  striking departure for many of my Republican colleagues who have long  advocated for these investments.   As demand for care and services at VA continue to grow, the lack of  purposeful, usable clinic space will hurt veterans, including women  veterans, because clinic spaces are not designed for them. A lack of  access to healthcare providers will hurt veterans because we simply  don't have enough providers in this country. Making investments in the  next generation of healthcare providers is just common sense.    I will end by saying nearly three-fourths of the American people  agree that it is time to update VA's infrastructure. The Build Back  Better Act gives us the framework to do just that.   