 Mr. President, since being elected to the U.S.  Senate about 3 years ago, I have spoken often about the dangers  presented by communist China. I have not been alone in this. Colleagues  on both sides of the aisle--Republicans, Democrats, and Independents in  this body--have been vocal about the threats we face from General  Secretary Xi and his communist regime.   While we may not always agree on the solutions to the problems caused  by communist China, I feel we are united in a truth: the good people of  China are being brutally oppressed, censored, intimidated, and  manipulated by the Chinese Communist Party--a regime that wants nothing  more than to dominate the world and extinguish the democratic values  and true freedoms we so proudly stand for.   Communist China's actions have repeatedly made this fact clear to all  freedom-loving people across the world, and its latest attack on  liberty and freedom of Peng Shuai demand our attention.   Ms. Shuai is one of China's most recognizable athletes. She is a  three-time Olympian and was ranked the No. 1 doubles player in 2014 by  the Women's Tennis Association. She has won championships at Wimbledon  and the French Open and has represented her country at the highest  levels of tennis competition.   So when she shared her story of sexual abuse by a former Vice Premier  of the Chinese Communist Party last month on social media, it  rightfully caught the attention of the world.   And communist China's reaction to these disturbing allegations have  both shocked us all and completely verified all of our fears.   Instead of taking Ms. Shuai's claims seriously and investigating  these allegations, the communist Chinese Government followed its  authoritarian playbook--silence, deflect, and cover up.   General Secretary Xi and his Communist thugs are so thin-skinned,  weak, and intolerant of any questioning of their conduct that the  government immediately silenced and disappeared Ms. Shuai.   For more than 2 weeks, a global outcry arose, led by the Women's  Tennis Association, asking ``Where is Peng?''   Then, communist China's state media released what it said was an  email from Ms. Shuai to the Women's Tennis Association reversing her  allegations. It read like a hostage note and only raised more concerns  as to her whereabouts and safety.   Then, the communist Chinese Government shared a couple of videos of  Ms. Shuai at various structured public events and staged two video  calls with the International Olympic Committee. Shockingly, the  International Olympic Committee didn't ask about her disappearance.  They didn't ask about her allegations of abuse. But are any of us  surprised?   I have been pressing the International Olympic Committee to speak up  against communist China's genocide, attacks on democracy, and other  abuses for 2 years. They have been completely silent.   The IOC's failure to ask these questions reveals it is more  interested in appeasing the Chinese Communist Party and maintaining its  good relationship with a genocidal communist regime than the safety of  athletes.   I am not the only one who believes this. Last week, world renowned  sports broadcaster Bob Costas appeared on CNN and told the truth that I  have been sounding the alarm on. The IOC is in bed with communist  China. It is disgusting, but that is the truth.   Fortunately, the Women's Tennis Association took real action to stand  up for Ms. Shuai. Last week, the WTA announced it would be suspending  all of its events in China until it was clear that Ms. Shuai was safe  and in good health. The WTA is also calling for a full-fledged and  completely transparent investigation into Ms. Shuai's allegations.   We should applaud the WTA for doing the right thing and showing the  world how sport can stand up to an evil authoritarian communist regime.  This is what courage looks like, and I believe it ought to be  celebrated in this body. The IOC, on the other hand, is bending over  backward to keep communist China happy.    We have American athletes and coaches traveling to Beijing in just  weeks. It is terrifying. If communist China is willing to do this to  its own citizens, how do we know Americans will be safe during the  Olympics?   We must demand that Ms. Shuai immediately be freed from censorship,  coercion, and intimidation, and that there be a full investigation into  her serious allegations of sexual assault against former Vice Premier  Zhang Gaoli.   That is why I have introduced a resolution calling exactly for that.   I am thankful that Senators Lummis, Rubio, Braun, Hawley, and Cruz  have joined me. The United States is the leading voice of freedom and  democracy around the world. We cannot tolerate this kind of behavior,  and I urge my colleagues to stand together today for human rights and  help pass this good resolution.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 474, which is  at the desk. I further ask that the resolution be agreed to, the  preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Peng Shuai.    Mr. President.    Reserving the right to object, first, I thank  my colleague for agreeing that--I think we all agree that what has  happened to Peng Shuai is wrong, and I think we all know we have to  stand up to what communist China is doing.   Here is my concern about Nick Burns: Until the day he was nominated  by President Biden, he had had no problems with communist China. He has  never stood up to communist China; he has taken money from communist  China; he has always looked the other way.   So my concern is that we ought to have a vote on him because  everybody ought to have the opportunity to talk to him and get his  position. I have talked to him, and he has never ever said a word about  the Uighurs, about the Tibetans, about what happened in Hong Kong,  about stealing American technology. He has never done any of those  things. So I don't know how it is going to help us.   I object to the modification, but I hope my colleague will agree that  the resolution itself is worth it to go forward and just do it by  themselves, and, over time, we will have a vote on Nick Burns.    Mr. President, this is pretty disappointing,  all right?   My Democratic colleague said that he agreed with the resolution. I  think it is time that we stand up for the Chinese citizens who are  being oppressed by Secretary Xi.   What this resolution does is say that, you know, we have got to stand  up to all the oppression in China, that we have got to stand up for  Peng Shuai. The resolution says, you know, as for the athletes who are  going over there, we have your backs. Yet, if you look at what is  happening now, the Democrats are saying: We are not going to do those  things.   I don't think that is right. I don't believe our platform in the  Senate should be that we don't stand for alleged victims of sexual  assault. I think, by not having this resolution approved today and  having the Democrats block it, that that is exactly what we are saying.   So it is pretty disappointing. This was a basic resolution that said  that we were going to stand up for Peng Shuai. I am very appreciative  of what the WTA has done. I am very disappointed with what the NBA has  done. I am disappointed with what the IOC has done.   I am also disappointed that the Senate, today, could not come to a  resolution and simply stand up for somebody who has accused the Vice  Premier of China of sexual assault. None of us would like that to  happen to anybody in our families, and we don't want it to happen to  anybody in this country. We ought to stand up for people in China just  like we would want them to stand up for people in this country.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object.   First, I want to acknowledge my colleague's interest in the nominee  for the National Institute of Standards and Technology.   I am not sure if my colleague is aware, but, last month, I sent a  letter to the Commerce Committee, informing them that I would be  holding all Department of Transportation and Department of Commerce  nominees until the committee hears testimony from Secretary Raimondo  and Secretary Buttigieg about the supply chain crisis.   Right now, there are nearly 100 ships waiting to dock in California  ports to unload their goods, but they are unable to do so because of  President Biden's supply chain crisis. Christmas is just a couple of  weeks away, and families and businesses are facing empty shelves,  shortages on goods, and higher prices. So far, as far as I can tell, I  have only seen Secretary Buttigieg and Secretary Raimondo play TV  commentator rather than actually go out to California and solve the  problems.   It is long past time for the Biden administration to tell us exactly  what they are doing to solve this crisis and help American families.  Until we hear from Secretary Buttigieg and Secretary Raimondo in the  Commerce Committee, I will be objecting to all Commerce and  Transportation nominees going through an expedited process here in the  Senate.   This isn't personal. It is about accountability. I look forward to  hearing from Secretary Raimondo and Secretary Buttigieg and then going  forward with these nominees.   Therefore, Mr. President, I object.   