 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2430 to extend  the DEA's temporary authority to schedule fentanyl-related substances  for 1 year.   Fentanyl is a deadly opioid that kills thousands of Americans  annually. When the chemical formula of fentanyl is even slightly  modified, creating a fentanyl analogue, these substances can become  exponentially more lethal. These analogues have been a driving force  behind the opioid epidemic that continues to plague our local  communities.   The authority for the DEA to classify these analogues as schedule I  substances is critical to law enforcement's ability to keep these drugs  off our streets.   As a member of the Homeland Security Committee, I recently joined my  colleagues on a trip to assess the ongoing crisis on our southern  border.  [[Page H1780]]  Fentanyl has continued to move into our country through our ports of  entry, mainly through our border with Mexico. On the trip, we spoke  with law enforcement officials who detailed the challenges posed by  transnational criminal organizations, including drug traffickers, who  are attempting to take advantage of the current crisis.   With already limited border security resources being diverted to deal  with the humanitarian crisis, drug smugglers are continuing their  attempts to push dangerous substances, including fentanyl, into the  United States. In the first quarter of 2021, the seizure of fentanyl at  our southwestern border by CBP has increased by a staggering 233  percent from the first quarter of 2020.   At a time when our country is experiencing a border crisis and an  opioid crisis, we need to be enacting policies that strengthen law  enforcement and enhance public safety instead of empowering bad actors  who are continuing to put our communities at risk.   If we fail to act on this commonsense extension before the upcoming  May 6 deadline, we will be taking away a major tool that law  enforcement needs to keep our communities safe.   With fentanyl analogues no longer properly scheduled, drug smugglers  will continue and remain emboldened and even expand their attempts to  move fentanyl into the United States. This would exacerbate two already  unsustainable crises: the ongoing surge at our southern border and the  opioid epidemic that has devastated lives of Americans across the  country.   Madam Speaker, for that reason, I urge defeat of the previous  question.   