 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding and for  his leadership on this legislation.  [[Page H3781]]    I rise in support of the PFAS Action Act, a landmark bill that will  protect millions of Americans from these toxic forever chemicals.   We know PFAS persists in the environment and the human body, and it  is making our constituents sick. This legislation addresses legacy  contamination and its associated health effects. Importantly, this bill  will also go to the source, and halt active contamination and work to  hold polluters accountable.   That is exactly what my provision is designed to do. This legislation  includes my bill, the Clean Water Standards for PFAS Act, which  addresses toxic PFAS discharges and invests in local infrastructure.   No polluter should be able to dump PFAS unchecked into our waterways  and into our wastewater systems. PFAS should be handled like other  toxic substances that have been regulated through the Clean Water Act.   We must also support wastewater systems to make necessary  infrastructure upgrades that will stop PFAS from poisoning our  environment and our water. This bill would authorize $200 million a  year for these grants.   Madam Speaker, this is a bipartisan issue, and it is an issue that  literally affects every State and every district across this country.   Just yesterday I joined a round table of concerned leaders in my  district whose message was crystal clear: Pass this bill and protect  the health and well-being of our communities and our families.   I heard from the town manager in Bedford, New Hampshire, who spoke to  me about residents receiving bottled water for the past 3 years because  their wells are contaminated. Families and businesses in several  neighboring communities face the same situation. How many more years  are we going to let these people wait for clean water?   A constituent of mine named Lisa, from the Seacoast region of New  Hampshire, has two kids who drank PFAS-laced water for a number of  years when they were growing up. They faced a number of unimaginable  health impacts as a result of that.   How many more households like Lisa's will there be in this particular  situation if we allow more PFAS out into the environment?   Far too many Americans are drinking from contaminated systems and  wells. Far too many Americans are at the mercy of industrial polluters  and have brought this problem to our doorstep.   I urge passage of this bill.   