 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as we all have learned, the devastation  caused by COVID-19 reaches far beyond the health impact of the virus  itself. Tens of millions of Americans have lost their jobs or other  sources of income. Countless small businesses no longer exist, and the  stress and uncertainty surrounding the pandemic has taken a toll on the  mental health of every American. That is especially true for children,  whose worlds have been flipped upside down.   Last spring, schools in Texas and across the country transitioned  from in-person to virtual instruction in order to help stop the spread  of the virus. In the beginning, we thought this was a short-term  measure, a way to keep students, teachers, and their families safe from  the virus we knew very little about at the time. I don't think any of  us expected that those closures would last as long as they have, with  many students across the country coming up on their 1-year anniversary  of virtual learning.   As weeks turned into months, it became clear that online instruction  was no replacement for classroom learning. We know many families just  don't have the ability either to access broadband or they don't have  the supervision at home of family members to help keep children on task  when it comes to virtual learning. It is a poor substitute, in most  instances, unless it is just absolutely necessary.   Last spring, schools in Texas and across the country transitioned to  virtual instruction, as I said, to stop the spread of the virus. We  thought this would be a way to stop the spread, but as weeks turned  into months, it became clear that many kids were falling behind,  especially in foundational subjects like math and reading, and the  learning deficit is even greater for students of color and those in  high poverty communities.   One study found that for math, White students began this year about 1  to 3 months behind in their learning, while students of color fell 3 to  5 months behind.   We know that the impact is not purely academic. There is also a  serious mental and emotional toll. The Texas Tribune recently shared a  story of one student, a boy they refer to as Jordan. He was a student  in the Frisco Independent School District, and like kids across the  country, he struggled with the challenge of virtual learning. This  fall, his normal A's and B's dropped to F's, and the further he fell  behind, the harder it was for him to catch up.   In October, Jordan opened up a Google doc and typed an absolutely  agonizing message. He said ``give me 10 GOOD reasons why I shuldnt kill  myself here.''   And when you think that can't get any more heartbreaking, it does.  The list was blank. An 11-year-old boy felt  [[Page S277]]  so lost and defeated, he couldn't come up with a single reason to  continue living.   Well, if there is a bright spot in this otherwise very dark story, it  is that this incident did not go unnoticed. Jordan was using a school- issued computer, and the school district's technology department  quickly flagged this alarming information for counselors, who alerted  Jordan's mother. She was able to intervene, thankfully, before those  dark thoughts could be turned into action and get Jordan the mental  health treatment he needed.   While I am glad to report that Jordan is now back in the classroom  where his grades are improving and he is able to spend time with his  friends--an important part of the socializing function of our schools  and going to class with others--but, sadly, the pain and suffering this  student experienced is not unique. The Frisco Independent School  District, where Jordan is a student, has already surpassed the number  of students hospitalized for mental health concerns from last school  year, and the number of students considering attempting or dying by  suicide is also on track to break previous records. The pandemic has  simply taken a devastating toll on our children academically, socially,  and emotionally. So I am here to add my voice to those who say we need  our schools to open and, of course, to do so safely, which I believe  they can.   In December, the then-President-Elect Biden promised to safely reopen  the majority of schools within the first hundred days in the White  House. He said it should be a national priority to get our kids back  into school and to keep them in school. I agree. Our children deserve  the quality and the stability that only in-person instruction can  provide, and parents deserve the option to choose the learning model  that works best for their kids.   That is why Congress has appropriated more than $110 billion to  support education, including $67 billion specifically for K-12  students. This funding has allowed schools to supply their students  with what they need for virtual learning where that is required,  including laptops and hotspots, while also preparing for a safe return  to the classroom. Administrators at each school are able to evaluate  their individual needs and risks, and I am sure all of them vary by  circumstance to some extent. But they also need to implement the  necessary precautions to keep, obviously, the students and teachers  safe.   Texas schools have used Federal funding to update their air  filtration systems, purchase personal protective equipment, and  implement regular disinfecting. The results are pretty clear. A  headline from the Houston Chronicle in December read: ``COVID Spread  Remains Minimal in Texas Schools Despite State Surge.''   The truth is, the virus doesn't affect all of us identically. There  are a lot of differences according to age.   The President has repeatedly emphasized his trust in science, so  let's take a look at the science here. Just last week, the Centers for  Disease Control and Prevention published a report that found ``there  has been little evidence that schools have contributed meaningfully to  increased community transmission.''   The lead author of that report affirmed that even in places with  otherwise high infection rates, there is no evidence that schools will  transmit the virus at a higher rate than the general community.   In short, it seems that schools are not a breeding ground for COVID- 19, and as long as commonsense precautions are taken, then schools can  reopen safely. I know that has been the case in a lot of the parochial  schools where, frankly, if they didn't have students showing up for  class, they would be out of business. It is only in the public schools  where you see this phenomena of extended virtual learning and a refusal  of many teachers to return to the classroom.   I know this has presented a dilemma for President Biden because in  this case the science is at odds with a key group of his supporters,  which are teachers unions.   Unions in a number of major cities, like Chicago, have refused to  return to school, despite the fact that evidence shows that schools are  able to open safely--again, if proper precautions are taken. And  Congress has provided tens of billions of dollars to help them do so,  and teachers, like others across the country are being vaccinated.  Teachers unions demand, in some cases, that schools be closed  altogether.   Just outside of the District of Columbia, in Fairfax County, VA, the  situation is even more bewildering. The school board and teachers union  have said they will not return to schools until all students are  vaccinated. As a reminder, there is currently no approved vaccine for  children under the age of 16 and, likely, won't be for some time. Yet  even with no return to in-person learning in sight, teachers are still  receiving the vaccine, which I think is a good thing. More shots in  arms ought to be all of our goal.   But as you can imagine, the Biden administration is having a tough  time explaining this one away--how, on one hand, the President said,  ``Let's get children safely back into classrooms,'' and, on the other  hand, many teachers unions refusing to return.   In a recent television appearance, the President's Chief of Staff was  asked why the teachers unions are overruling what the studies would  otherwise show, and he appeared to come to the defense of the unions'  decision. Well, that is not a commitment to science, and it is  important that all of us listen to the science when we make our  decisions and that they not be made based on a political agenda or who  is for or against the proposition. Our focus ought to be clearly on the  students and the quality of education that they are receiving, as well  as the collateral damage that is being done by keeping them out of the  classroom.   The science is clear. If the proper precautions are taken, it is safe  for our schools to reopen. Again, we have provided tens of billions of  dollars to support safe reopening, including $55 billion to K-12  schools in the omnibus that was signed into law just last December,  just about a month ago.   This funding is helping schools safely welcome their students back to  the classroom, where they can better learn, socialize, and build a  strong foundation for a successful future.   We need our children to be well educated. This is the fundamental  right in our democracy and a necessity in a self-governing form of  government.   The administration shouldn't try to distance itself from the  President's 100-day promise. It should do more to encourage a safe  return. When it comes to reopening schools, President Biden needs to  take his own advice and listen to the science and not the teachers  unions.   I yield the floor.   