 Madam Speaker, in the United States, there  are 1.4 million LGBTQ businesses contributing more than $1.7 trillion  to the American economy. We have a vested interest in sustaining and  strengthening these businesses with equal access to credit, which is  the beating heart of the American economy.   As a former New York City Council Member, I partnered with the  National LGBTQ Chamber of Commerce to establish the nation's largest  municipal certification program for LGBTQ business enterprises,  enabling those businesses to enjoy equal access to a $25 billion pool  of government procurement.   The legislation before us, H.R. 1443, builds on a foundation laid by  several statutes and regulations. The Equal Credit Opportunity Act  (ECOA) prohibits credit discrimination, including but not limited to  sex discrimination. A new interpretive rule from the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau (CFPB) clarifies that the ECOA's prohibition against  sex discrimination applies to sexual orientation and gender identity.  Section 1071 of the Dodd-Frank Act, which exists to enable and enhance  the enforcement of the ECOA, requires financial institutions to report  information about the race, ethnicity, and sex of credit applicants who  serve as principal owners of small businesses. My legislation would  expand the 1071 reporting requirements to include not only sex but also  sexual orientation and gender identity. It would enable anti- discrimination enforcement where none might exist.   Even though the United States has made substantial strides toward  LGBTQ equality, the mission is far from accomplished. Seventy percent  of the LGBTQ community remains unprotected by anti-discrimination laws.  When it comes to credit, according to the Williams Institute, more than  7.7 million LGBTQ adults live in states that offer no protection  against discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity.   It is often said that knowledge is power. Knowledge affords us the  power to detect discrimination that might otherwise go undetected.  Take, as an example, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, which is  analogous to the legislation before us. Both the National Community  Reinvestment Coalition and Iowa State University reviewed data from the  HMDA and found that same-sex couples were denied loans at higher rates  than heterosexual couples, despite having comparable creditworthiness.  It also found those same-sex couples paid higher fees and interests.  The lesson of the HMDA is that sunlight can be a powerful disinfectant  against discrimination.   H.R. 1443 would make credit more accessible, credit laws more  enforceable, and creditors more accountable. It would represent a  triumph of transparency in the service of economic opportunity for all,  regardless of who you are and whom you love.   