 Madam President, welcome back, and thank you for giving  me an opportunity to talk about the bill that we will have before us in  about an hour and a half.   I have to stand here and rise in opposition to the For the People  Act. I think you could appropriately title it the ``Fool the People  Act.'' We are going to be voting on it later today, but it would  dramatically alter election laws across our country.   I have been in the Senate for 6\1/2\ years, and this ranks up there  as one of the worst bills that I have seen come before this body. I  know my friends on the other side of aisle like to talk about it as  being essential for protecting democracy, but in the face of text that  could be patently unconstitutional and taking away the rights of States  to administer their elections, I find it hard to believe that it is  anything but a motivated attempt to federalize the Nation's election  system.   The For the People Act would achieve it through a number of, I think,  overreaches. I am only going to talk about a few.   For one, voter ID. The For the People Act would essentially render  null voter ID laws across this country. Instead of an ID, which most of  us have, and virtually, I think, every citizen should have, you would  simply just sign an affidavit to say you are who you say you are. I  heard the Georgia law, for example, brought up as providing egregious  limits or obstacles to proving who you say you are.   In a hearing a month or so ago, we had an official from Georgia in a  Judiciary Committee, and I said: Could you explain to me what the  challenge is? So if somebody gets an absentee ballot like you do in  North Carolina--we have no-excuse absentee balloting. We have had it  for years. I supported it. I voted that way several times. We had  people say that it was just an egregious imposition to note a 10 or 12  character driver's license or government ID number on the affidavit.  That is all it is. You don't have to send a copy of it. You just simply  have to write a number down.   So if you have an ink pen--I guess you could argue if you don't have  a writing instrument, then maybe that is an overreach or an imposition  on a voter. I don't think it is. And even in the Georgia law that has  been castigated by some of my friends on the other side of aisle, they  even provide for people who want to vote, who may not have a  government-issued ID, other documents that can be used in their place.   We talked about hundreds of bills that have been filed by Republican  legislators without a single Democratic vote that are like the Georgia  bill that I just described, which I think is arguably a fair bill. But  most of these bills are things that Democrats and Republicans should be  able to agree on. You should cleanse your voter rolls. You should make  sure that people who have died and people who could be registered in  one or more States are cleared from the voter rolls just to prevent  fraud and abuse, not necessarily perpetrated by any one party but just  because the data could be out of date.   And, you know, back on voter ID, I find it remarkable that we have a  measure before us that we are going to be voting on today, a simple ID  requirement that 80 percent of Americans just this week in a poll said  they think is reasonable. Now, you have to also understand that we make  accommodations. If you don't have an ID in North Carolina, we moved  heaven and Earth to make sure--you need a government-issued ID, I  believe, to be able to move through society, to get a hotel room, and  to get on an airplane. I had to provide--I had surgery a couple of  months ago. I had to present an ID to get admitted into the hospital. I  think we are disenfranchising people from the rest of society by not at  least making sure that they can identify who they are. There is no  argument. You can't get on a plane without an ID. You can't travel  internationally without an ID. You can't get healthcare without an ID.  But for some reason, to do something, to exercise our right and our  privilege to vote, we think that we don't need an ID.   I also worry about a provision in this bill that would allow  nationwide ballot harvesting. There are only a couple of States that  allow ballot harvesting. What does that mean? You have a worker coming  up, going door to door, and encouraging somebody to vote. It may be  somebody who doesn't want to vote. But now, you are up there to capture  their ballots and bring bunches of ballots to the polls.   Ballot harvesting is legal in some States--I know California. It is  not legal in our State. In fact, there was a  [[Page S4676]]  Republican candidate who ultimately withdrew himself after winning a  race after there were a couple hundreds ballots that were supposedly  harvested. I don't think he knew about it, but there was a campaign  operative that did it, and it cost him an election.   I will tell you one thing that I really do believe, that if the  Founding Fathers were here in this Chamber today, they would really be  scratching their heads, and it is the idea of taxpayer-funded  elections. Make no mistake about it, Federal, State, and local dollars  are used to make sure that we have election machines, that we have poll  workers, that we have access. We can always improve access to the  polls, but in this bill, they are saying, and people in North  Carolina--if you were paying attention last year, my race was, all in  with me and my opponent, $296 million. There were a lot of ads on TV.   I had my friends call me up, screaming at the TV when they were mean  to me. And I am sure I had my opponent, who is a friend of mine, say  the same thing. But now, what we are going to do, if we were to pass  this bill, is say: Tom Tillis supporters are going to have to have  money spent and directed to his opponent to try and beat him, and vice  versa--millions and millions of dollars.   And in States like North Carolina--not only North Carolina taxpayers  but taxpayers from across this country--will see their taxpayer dollars  come to North Carolina to influence an outcome in a campaign that could  be a thousand miles away. That is, I think--taking taxpayer dollars and  then spending them on something that they are personally opposed to or  offended by is something that I don't think the Founding Fathers would  have ever envisioned as being appropriate for this great Nation.   So, ladies and gentlemen, today at about 5:30--I think a little  after--the For the People--or as I said, the ``Fool the People''--Act  is going to be before us, and it is going to fail. We know it. Senator  Schumer knows it.   So why are we doing it? Are we doing it for messaging points? Or are  there some far-left liberals that just want the vote on the floor,  knowing full well it is not going to pass? Have we actually tried to do  any work to figure out what role the Federal Government should play in  actually improving election outcomes that ultimately need to be  administered by the State? No, that hasn't happened.   So today, we are going to come on the floor. This measure is not  going to move forward. And somebody may be fooling--I don't know--far- left groups just to say we tried. But they didn't try because if they  tried, they would have reached across the other aisle and tried to  figure out something that made sense that could pass with 60 votes.   The For the People Act is far afield from what our Founding Fathers  envisioned. Can we improve our election processes across this country?  Yes, but I would prefer to have the 50 laboratories of democracy figure  out how to improve it and have other States implement it, perhaps even  other States in the northeast that have far fewer voting days than we  do in North Carolina. They could learn from that.   Maybe we should create standards and incentives for that sort of  stuff, but not a Federal takeover of the state of the elections in this  country. And for that reason, I will be opposing the For the People  Act.   Thank you.   