 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the HAVANA Act.   I was proud to introduce this legislation in the House, and I  appreciate the continued support from Ranking Member Nunes, Chairman  Meeks, and Ranking Member McCaul in moving this legislation through the  House and to the President's desk.   Every day, thousands of patriotic Americans serve our country abroad,  representing our values and interests across the globe. They are  diplomats, soldiers, intelligence officers, and more. But we must never  forget they are also mothers and fathers, sisters and brothers, and  sons and daughters who routinely make tremendous personal sacrifices in  service of their country.   In return for their service to our Nation, we have a sacred  responsibility to make sure that we take care of them. That is what  this bill does.   Over the past several years, public servants from the intelligence  community and elsewhere have experienced symptoms of unknown origins.  These cases, which have been described as Havana syndrome or anomalous  health incidents, named for the cohort whose symptoms onset in Havana,  remain a mystery.   But two things are clear. First, we must spare no effort to identify  their source and to hold anyone responsible accountable. Second, we  must ensure that those who are injured receive the highest quality of  care and the benefits that they need as they recover.   The HAVANA Act does just that. It would adjust and expand the  authority we gave to the intelligence community and the State  Department in 2019 to provide compensation for those experiencing these  injuries to also include those suffering from traumatic brain injuries.  Members of both parties have united behind this critical legislation to  provide benefits to afflicted individuals.   Even as we pass this legislation, our work is not done. On a  bipartisan basis, the Intelligence Committee has continued to provide  vigorous oversight of how individuals experiencing these health  incidents were treated and how they are being treated today. We will  continue to prioritize this issue and put our people first.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, Mr. Castro and Mr. McCaul, for  their efforts.   