 Mr. President, we had a big controversy in the  infrastructure bill over how to go about imposing transaction reporting  requirements on crypto exchange programs.   I am very pleased to be able to report that a group of us reached a  bipartisan agreement: Democrats and Republicans, the Biden Treasury,  and the administration is on board.   I want to thank the cosponsors of the amendment that brought  everybody together on this: Senator Warner, Senator Lummis, Senator  Portman, and Senator Sinema are all in agreement on this. I should  point out I appreciate Senator Ron Wyden's work throughout this entire  process.   Let me just give a little bit of context here, and then I am going to  yield to some colleagues and then ask unanimous consent that we adopt  this commonsense change.   To start off, we have very broad agreement, probably unanimous  agreement, that centralized digital asset exchanges, when they behave  as brokers, should be required to report transactions of their  customers just like ordinary brokers do: stockbrokers, bond brokers.  The problem is that the underlying text of this bipartisan  infrastructure bill, while it attempts to do this, I think it is very  significantly flawed with how it goes about it.   The unintended consequence of the current text is it will ensnare  people and companies and impose this transaction reporting requirement  on those to whom it shouldn't apply and, in some cases, people who  couldn't even possibly comply.   For example, the underlying text of this bill would impose this kind  of transaction reporting requirement on crypto transaction validators.  These are the people who are building out the block chain by validating  a transaction. They would be obligated to report things like a name and  a tax ID number associated with the dollar amount. They don't have that  information. For them, the transaction is just an anonymized number. It  doesn't make any sense at all.   Also, people who write software code and then have no further  involvement in any transactions, I think they would be captured by this  language in the underlying bill. Certainly, that doesn't make any  sense. It would apply to anybody who is providing a service that  effectuates these transactions.   Think about the parallel in the ordinary securities brokerage  business. Think about Merrill Lynch. We require Merrill Lynch to report  the information about me if I give them my money to buy stock. That  makes sense. But we don't require the electric company that provides  electrical service to Merrill Lynch to make any such reporting because  that would not make sense.   What happened was a group of us came together to clarify the rules of  who are the actual brokers of cryptocurrency who should be responsible  for the transaction reporting requirement   We are not proposing anything that is the least bit sweeping or  radical. Our solution just makes clear that a broker means only those  persons who conduct transactions on exchanges where customers are  buying and selling and trading digital assets.   We make sure that the bill does not sweep in software developers. It  does not sweep in crypto transaction validators, regardless of which of  the various methods they use for the validation. It doesn't sweep in  node operators or any other nonbrokers. But anyone who owes any tax  from a cryptocurrency transaction should pay their tax obligation.   So if you are actually a crypto broker, you would be required to turn  over that information under our approach. Our amendment would do that.  But it is important that the reporting requirement only applies to  those kinds of intermediaries.   I don't think any one of our cosponsors thinks our solution is  absolutely perfect, but it is a big improvement over the underlying  text.   I would also point out that this space is changing. It is changing  fast. A year from now, people will have come up with innovations and  applications that we can't even imagine that probably nobody has even  thought of yet. What I don't want to do is impose a burden that is  going to stifle that kind of innovation.   What we shouldn't do is have an overly broad mandate or reporting  requirement on people who can't even comply. We shouldn't favor or  punish any particular methodology or platform design or validation  mechanism. And we shouldn't--we shouldn't--stifle innovation.   There is time to do this. There is an agreement. It is bipartisan.  The White House is on board. We can get this done. We can do it right  now.   I am going to yield to my colleague from Wyoming before making a  unanimous consent request.    Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from Wyoming  for her very constructive leadership in this area, and I yield at this  time to the Senator from Ohio.    I thank the Senator from Ohio for his very constructive  cooperation on this, and let me yield to our colleague from Texas    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding adoption of substitute amendment No. 2137, the Toomey- Warner-Lummis-Sinema-Portman amendment No. 2656 be agreed to.    I do.    Mr. President.    So for people who have been watching this and aren't  familiar with the bizarre practices in this body, I want to just  explain briefly what just happened here.   Because there is a difference of opinion on whether or not the  Senator from Alabama should get a vote on his amendment--because that  is not agreed to--the body is refusing to take up an amendment that has  broad bipartisan support that we all know fixes something that badly  needs to be fixed. This isn't like a whim of the Senator from  Pennsylvania. There is, like, nobody who disputes that there is a  problem here.   You want to know the specifics of the problem? According to the  underlying bill, this is what is going to pass. This is what is going  to get sent ultimately to the President's desk. It is a transaction  reporting requirement, including name, taxpayer ID number, dollar  amount, date. It is imposed on any person who, for consideration, is  responsible for regularly providing any service effectuating transfers  of digital assets on behalf of another person.   Well, look, I am not even a lawyer, but I can read. It sounds to me  like any service effectuating transfers--that would include validators.  I don't know how that doesn't include miners, stakers. It probably  includes hardware and software wallets, software developers all across  any kind of platform.   We are going to ask these people to provide information that they  don't have and they can't get.   In what universe does that make any sense at all? All I want to do is  have a vote on an amendment that fixes this in a way that has  bipartisan agreement, in a way that constrains this to apply narrowly  to the people who actually are the intermediaries running a centralized  exchange, who have this information. But apparently we are not going to  be able to do that. So we will be back on this because we are going to  do a lot of damage. Who knows how much innovation we are going to  stifle. Who knows exactly what kind of new apps will never emerge. It  is hard to predict what kind of completely impossible mandate results  in, but it is not good, and it is going to bring us back here having to  try to clean up a mess which we could have prevented.    I yield the floor.   