 Mr. President, I speak today to recognize the 3 million  men and women, Americans, who have served our Nation in the two decades  since September 11, 2001, in what has become known as the Global War on  Terrorism.   The days during--in just the last month--during this botched and  chaotic withdrawal from Afghanistan, were a terrible time of reckoning  for our Nation. I am angry, discouraged, and concerned about the way  and the manner by which the United States of America departed.   President Biden's announcement in April to completely withdraw  American troops by September 11 without taking appropriate security  precautions, including preparation for a return of the Taliban to  Kabul, was irresponsible and will damage America's interest for years  to come and endanger the lives of thousands of women and children in  Afghanistan.   Additionally, the lack of urgency to do right by the thousands of  Afghans who worked alongside Americans will forever be a source of  shame for this administration. But as I said many times before, the  withdrawal from Afghanistan was not the fault of the men and women in  uniform.   In the days following September 11, 2001, the call to service was  answered by thousands--thousands--of Americans who sought to defend the  United States. These men and women left behind their families and  careers to serve a greater good. I cannot think of anything more  honorable than stepping up to defend our homeland from a threat that  was, at the time, relatively unknown.   For most of our men and women in uniform, the Global War on Terrorism  has been the primary mission of their entire careers. I run into people  regularly who tell me about their service, and they saw what happened  on 9/11 in New York City at Ground Zero. They saw what happened in the  fields of Pennsylvania and what happened at the Pentagon. They decided  it was their moment to step forward and defend and protect their  Nation, to make sure that freedom and liberty remained the hallmark of  who we are. And all of the sacrifices they and their families have made  were in support of that effort and it was an effort they believed in  and I certainly hope they still do.   Those who stepped forward to serve, eradicated vast networks of  terrorists who wished to do America harm, making it absolutely clear  that no one can harm Americans without our swift and certain  retribution. They also brought Osama bin Laden to justice, destroyed  the ISIS caliphate, and eliminated its founder.   In Afghanistan, our men and women serving in the military brought  hope to a brutalized, war-torn country for the first time in decades.  Incredibly, an entire generation in Afghanistan came to age knowing  what it feels like to see freedom and to feel freedom.   Tragically, we saw Afghanistan quickly fall to the Taliban. It  happened because of a haphazard and unorganized withdrawal process that  has made our country and our world a less secure place. We all saw the  images of terror and desperation as Afghans tried to flee their fate,  many at the cost of their lives. We saw the footage of the chaos, the  tear gas, and the explosion. We lost 13 lives of our honorable brave  men and women in uniform to an attack outside the airport gates as they  tried to rescue innocent families from their Afghan brothers and  sisters in arms.   These scenes captured our Nation's attention, rightfully so. But  unfortunately, in the days that followed, mainstream media's interest  in Afghanistan began to wane. Take a look to see what is happening in  Afghanistan now. See the desolation, the death, the destruction, the  hunger, and the fear. This failure to have attention on what is going  on in Afghanistan must not and should not be the case. We must continue  to honor those who served and who will serve our country in the future.   We should consider S. 535, the Global War on Terrorism Memorial  Location Act. This bill was introduced by the Senator from Iowa,  Senator Joni Ernst, herself a veteran. It will authorize the location  of a memorial on the National Mall to truly honor those who served to  eradicate terrorism. It will honor the 3 million men and women who  served and especially the thousands of servicemembers who gave that  ultimate sacrifice--their lives. This memorial will also honor, heal,  empower, and unite soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines, and coasties who  made those sacrifices.   I would guess many of us in the U.S. Senate have seen--we witnessed  some of the healing that personally occurs in times that have met with  the Honor--as I have met with the folks who have been here on the Honor  Flights, those visitors who gather at our war memorials to remember, to  be together, and, yes, to heal.   Last week, I was at a number of our memorials here in our Nation's  Capital with a group of over about 160 Vietnam veterans from Kansas. I  have been visiting with those veterans in almost all of the visits of  Kansans who come here, and in those visits, I met the World War II  veterans, the Korean war veterans, and the Vietnam war veterans who  have a place of honor on the Mall where they can go to meet other  veterans, to lay flowers, to pause and reflect, and remember the  brothers and sisters that they have lost.   Just this weekend, back in Valley Center, KS, the Moving Wall--a  tribute to those who lost their lives in Vietnam; the thousands, the  627 Kansans who lost their lives in Vietnam--was a place in which  people gathered to do exactly that.   I hope someday I will be able to attend an Honor Flight to the Global  War on Terrorism Memorial and meet with the generation of veterans who  fought to bring peace to the Middle East and who fought to bring the  United States into a safer and more secure place. It will be my honor  and privilege to do so.   I am here on the Senate floor to pay tribute, to honor and respect,  and to tell those who served in the Global War on Terrorism that we  respect them; we thank them for their service; and we love them.   I yield the floor.   