 Mr. President, I rise today to speak in support of Meera  Joshi to be the head of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety  Administration.   Now, there may be some folks out there who are not familiar with this  Agency, but I can tell you Montanans are. I can tell you commercial  truckers are because this is an Agency that is critical to tackling our  supply chain issues and lowering costs for American families. Let me  repeat that again because this issue has been brought up before.   This Agency, of which Ms. Joshi is to be the head of, is critical to  attacking our supply chain issues and lowering the costs for American  families.   In my real life, I am a farmer. I use a Peterbilt truck to get my  product to market, my food to market, so I know more about this than  the average person who serves in the Senate.   And I know what a huge role that trucking plays in our supply chain  and our economy. And I am going to tell you, the American trucker is  one of the hardest working people in this country. I know that because  I tried to do it for a while. It is hard work.   They have been on the frontlines of this pandemic delivering goods to  every corner of this country. And a strong and a stable, safe trucking  workforce that offers good-paying jobs  [[Page S9245]]  to millions of truckdrivers is a critical lifeblood of our economy.   Our quality of life in this country is simply not possible without  the hard work that truckdrivers put in day and night. They deserve more  credit than they get.   And there are a lot of challenges out there: our outdated  infrastructure, the COVID-19 pandemic, a historic--a historic--volume  of goods moving through our economy that have strained capacity across  our supply chain, including trucking.   The Agency is critical in ensuring that goods moving by truck do it  safely and efficiently.   Now, as the chairman of the Commerce Committee has already pointed  out, the President last month signed the bipartisan infrastructure  package into law. It included $568 billion in transportation funding  that will improve freight bottlenecks, ease chokepoints across ports,  rails, and highways.   The middle-class markets in China and India are expected to be worth  a combined $26 trillion by 2030. Now, if we want to grow this U.S.  economy, maintain our position as an economic world leader, we must be  able to grow our reach to those huge market opportunities.   The bipartisan infrastructure package also included parts of my HAULS  Act. The HAULS Act will cut burdensome hour-of-service requirements so  that Montana's egg and livestock haulers can do their jobs and do their  jobs safely, but we need a head of the Federal Motor Carriers Safety  Administration to be able to say that earnestly.   If we are going to effectively implement these new guidelines that  will boost our economy in rural America and across this country, we  need to confirm Ms. Joshi as soon as possible, which is why I am here  tonight.   Ms. Joshi is a qualified nominee to lead this Agency. She passed  through the Senate Commerce Committee with overwhelming bipartisan  support. She is backed by the trucking industry.   It is unfortunate that a few of my colleagues--a minority of the  minority--are blocking this confirmation at a time when we need  transportation and commerce Agencies fully staffed and empowered to  carry out their work, reducing costs for families, smoothing the supply  chain, and growing our economy.   The Senate has had an opportunity to address supply chain issues and  lower costs by confirming this nominee. I am going to say it again. The  Senate has an opportunity tonight to address supply chain issues and  lower costs by confirming this nominee.   There is absolutely no reason to keep this critical position vacant,  and I urge my colleagues to support her confirmation tonight.   Mr. President, I would also ask that it be in order to make the same  request with respect to Executive Calendar No. 464, Meera Joshi, to be  Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration.    So if you truly want to help the trucking industry, and  it sounds like you have personal experience with it--the good Senator  from Florida--putting the head of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety  Administration would be a great start. If you want to reduce the  problems with our supply chain, putting a head into the Federal Motor  Carrier Safety Administration would be a great start. If you want to  make our roads safer for everybody--truckers, cars, everybody--I would  say putting in the head of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety  Administration would be a good start.   I am going to tell you that the objections of the good Senator from  Florida ring hollow. I have heard the good Senator from Florida stand  up in committee and stand up on this floor and talk about how the  administration--this administration--has failed. Yet that very same  person who claims that this administration has failed is standing up  here and perpetuating the problems that we have because we can't get  Agencies staffed up. This is ridiculous.   So you ask yourself: Why can't the Department of Transportation and  Department of Commerce come before the committee?   Look, we are all U.S. Senators here. Pick up the phone. Give him a  call.   With this kind of attitude--you talked about the fact that food was  going up. Why aren't we demanding the Secretary of Agriculture show up?   You said there are small business problems. Why aren't we demanding  the Small Business Administration show up?   This could go on forever.   If you really want to fix a problem, let's look for solutions. And  the solutions we have here tonight--this one--is to confirm Ms. Meera  Joshi to the Federal Motor Carriers Safety Administration.   We can make excuses all the time about why we are going to do this,  why we are going to do that. Pick up the phone. Give them a call. Ask  them to meet with you.   That is all it would take. You don't need to shut down the whole  administration, shut down the Motor Carriers by not putting the head  in.   This is ridiculous.   Mr. President, I now want to speak of my support for the nomination  of Amitabha Bose to be Administrator of the Federal Railroad  Administration.   Consisting of almost 140,000 miles of railroad track, the U.S.  freight rail network is the largest in the world and carries 1.4  billion tons of freight every year worth $430 billion to our economy.   Some estimate that the global demand for freight will triple by 2050,  which is why we need to improve the capacity for our system to meet the  supply chain needs of today and prepare for the future.   Last month, as the chair of the Commerce Committee has already  pointed out, the President signed my bipartisan infrastructure package  into law that included $567 billion in transportation funding that will  improve freight bottlenecks, ease chokepoints across our ports,  railways, and highways. It will lower costs for families. It will grow  our economy.    Gosh, does this sound familiar? It is awful lot like the last  nominee.   And this legislation also includes the Right Track Act, which I  support and which I sponsored. My bill addresses blocked rail  crossings--by the way, a bipartisan bill--which improves rail safety at  rural train crossings and addresses instances of blocked highway  railroad crossings across the United States that put our families in  danger and slow down our economy.   I point that out because all too often we have accidents involving a  train and a car. Get this person confirmed, and we can hold people  accountable.   The infrastructure package also included $15 million to study  Amtrak's long-distance passenger rail travel service, including  authorization to form working groups, like the Greater Northwest  Passenger Rail Working Group, to study and advocate for increased  access to long-distance passenger rail travel.  [[Page S9246]]    These freight rail programs are administered by the FRA, and grants  must get out the door as quickly as possible if we are going to get the  bang for the dollar, if the taxpayer is going to get the bang for the  dollar.   Holding up Amit Bose's nomination risks delaying these critical  resources from reaching local communities.   Now, that might make some people in here happy. There was a bunch of  folks--it passed by 69 votes, but there were 30-some folks that voted  against it. So maybe they don't want this. Maybe they don't want  infrastructure. Maybe they want to turn the keys of the economy over to  China. Maybe that is what they want.   But the fact is that these critical resources will end up enriching  our communities, improving our freight rail service, and growing our  economy.   Additionally, the FRA is working closely with railroads to provide  regulatory expertise and assistance to ensure that significant  operational changes--including setting up new rail yards that can help  move goods across our country, solving the supply chain problem--is  done both quickly and safely.   Mr. Bose is a very qualified nominee to lead the FRA, having  previously worked in multiple roles at FRA, including Deputy  Administrator, Chief Counsel, Senior Adviser, and Director of  Governmental Affairs.   He, too, received a strong bipartisan support in committee and, in  fact, advanced by a voice vote.   Once again, it is unfortunate--and maybe it won't happen on this  one--that some of my colleagues are blocking nominees from confirmation  at a time when we can't afford to leave our Agencies understaffed, and  they are blocking it because of supply chain issues and because of the  high costs for small business. And with the blockage of these nominees,  what is ending up happening is that the supply chain issues will get  worse, which, maybe, that is what they want.   But that is not why I am here. I am here to get things done, to move  this country forward. I know what China is doing right now, and it is  why we had 69 people vote for the bipartisan infrastructure bill.   But if we leave the Agencies understaffed, then maybe that is going  to help somebody. I don't know who it is going to help. But there is no  reason to keep this critical position vacant, and I would urge my  colleagues to support his confirmation.   Therefore, I would ask that it be in order to make the same request  with respect to Executive Calendar No. 465, Amitabha Bose to be  Director of the Federal Railroad Administration.    Mr. President, facts are a nasty thing. Do you know that?   I would ask the good Senator from Florida to read the damn bill. This  bill is to put money into roads and bridges, to put money into our  electrical grid, to put money into our ports, to make our ports safer,  to put money into water systems--the list goes on and on and on.    For you to say that 50 percent of this bill is all that goes into  infrastructure is not factual at all, and I will debate you on that  until midnight tonight and longer--until Christmas Eve, because it is  not factual.   But I will tell you what is factual: The fact is that you, the good  Senator from Florida, have stopped Amit Bose from being Administrator  of the Federal Railroad Administration, thereby stopping any sort of  improvements in the supply chain that we have, thereby stopping any  sort of lowering of costs for small businesses and working families in  this country. That is a fact.   And if you would like to respond to that, I would be more than happy  to yield.   That is a fact. The truth is the same people who stand up here and  say this administration has got problems are creating those problems,  because a minority of the minority are stopping good people from being  in positions in this administration. That is a fact.    Very crafty--fifty percent is used on roads, bridges, and  seaports, and you make it sound like the rest isn't used on  infrastructure.   Since when did water not become infrastructure? Since when did  improving our transmission lines not become infrastructure?   The fact of the matter is this bill is a really good bill, and that  is why 69 people in this Senate voted for it, and it did not raise  taxes on a single American family.   You can make excuses all you want, but the facts are this: That  infrastructure bill will help set us up for a vibrant economy for  generations to come, and the most important thing that infrastructure  bill will do is it will help us compete with China, unless you want to  give the reserve currency to them.   And the fact of the matter is, unless the Agencies are staffed up, we  can't implement that infrastructure bill. And if that is the impetus  for this, shame on the folks who have objected to this, because the  last time I checked, we are U.S. Senators, and we are not here for  ourselves. We are here for this Nation, to make this Nation great, to  keep this Nation great, to move this Nation forward.   Our forefathers worked to do that. They didn't have these kinds of  silly arguments on the Senate floor.    So are you suggesting we shouldn't raise the debt and not  pay our debts and default? Is that the suggestion?    Did the good Senator vote for the CARES Act?    Did the good Senator from Florida vote for the CARES Act?    Was it paid for?    Yes, it wasn't paid for. It added to the debt. Had the  good Senator been here when we passed the Trump tax cuts, that also  added $2 trillion a year to the debt, and he would have justified that.   If you want to talk about building our economy, there are two things  you could do to build our economy: No. 1 is to invest in  infrastructure, and the other one is to invest in education and  workforce training.   If we are going to get the infrastructure part of this stuff out the  door, we cannot have a minority of the minority on the other side  continuing to object to people in the very Agencies that will help get  this infrastructure built up. That is the truth.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I heard the Senator from Florida just say  that he invested in education, workforce training, and infrastructure.  If he would have not had an administration that would have been able to  have gotten that money out the door, then he wouldn't have been able to  have succeeded. All we are asking is that we offer the President of the  United States and this Nation, as a whole, that same opportunity.   