 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Back the Blue Act,  the Serve and Protect Act, and the Jaime Zapata and Victor Avila  Federal Law Enforcement Protection Act. Mr. Speaker, all of these are  necessary and commonsense protections for our brave law enforcement  officers.   The hateful anti-law-enforcement rhetoric over the past 12 months has  led to violence and division in Democrat-controlled cities across our  country. We saw it in Seattle, Minneapolis, and Portland, city blocks  burned, businesses destroyed, lives ruined.   Our local, State, and Federal law enforcement officers have been  subjected to violence like we have never seen in this country, ambush  shootings taking officers' lives, violent riots, police precincts  burned to the ground--yes, burned to the ground.  [[Page H2230]]    Now more than ever, we need to send a loud and clear message to  would-be criminals targeting our brave law enforcement officers: If you  attack or harm law enforcement in any way, you will pay. We back the  blue in this country.   To the radicals chanting to defund and abolish law enforcement, who  are you going to call if an armed criminal breaks into your home? It is  certainly not going to be a social worker.   We are a nation of laws and law and order. Without law enforcement,  our country would cease to exist. Keep that in mind when you hear anti- law-enforcement zealots chanting to abolish police. What they are  really advocating for is abolishing the United States of America.    The hatred, vitriol, and violence against law enforcement have to  stop. We need to stand and support our law enforcement officers. That  is why I urge my colleagues to support the Back the Blue Act, the Serve  and Protect Act, and the Jaime Zapata and Victor Avila Federal Law  Enforcement Protection Act.    Mr. Speaker, as a 30-year law enforcement veteran, the  rhetoric and hatred I have seen towards police these last 12 months is  disgusting.   Rather than recognize the over 800,000 law enforcement officers in  this country who do their job honorably each and every day, the far  left has sought to demonize and defund our law enforcement based off  the actions of the few--the few who fail to uphold their oaths.   Every year in our country, there are more than 10 million arrests.  Most Americans never hear a word about the millions of arrests that  happen without incident.   Why is that?   Because it doesn't sell headlines. It doesn't fit the anti-law  enforcement narrative.   The hateful anti-law enforcement rhetoric has led to violence and  destruction in cities across our country. We see it in Seattle,  Minneapolis, Portland--city blocks burned, businesses destroyed, and  lives ruined forever. But we are not here today to focus on the anti- law enforcement zealots.   This is National Police Week. We are here today to honor the 22,000  brave law enforcement officers who have given the ultimate sacrifice in  the line of duty.   In 2021, the names of 394 officers killed in the line of duty were  added to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial in Washington,  D.C. Fifty-nine of those brave men and women were from my home State of  Texas. One of them, I knew.   Fort Bend County Precinct 4 Constable Deputy Caleb Rule of Needville,  Texas, tragically lost his life in a friendly fire incident involving  one of my own sheriff's deputies on May 29, 2020. It is a day I will  never forget.   Caleb is survived by his wife, Eden; and four children, Annie,  Rosalan, Mark and Lizzie. May God bless them.   It is stories like Caleb's and the hundreds of other brave law  enforcement officers who sacrifice their lives in the line of duty  every year, who remind us just how dangerous serving in law enforcement  is. The focus not only this week but every week should be on their  bravery, service, and sacrifice. They damn well deserve our respect and  support today and every day.   