 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Madam Speaker, we already have laws that prohibit the  United States military from carrying out domestic policy on United  States soil. This amendment would prohibit evidence obtained by the  military in violation of the Posse Comitatus Act from being used in a  court or other legal proceedings.   While I am actually sympathetic and believe this issue is one that is  worthy of our consideration in its current form, I urge opposition. The  issue is simply too complex to rush through here without careful  consideration and deliberation in regular order.   The implications of this amendment are also unclear. We have a crisis  on our southern border, a crisis that continues to be ignored by  Democrats and is continually getting worse. What happens, for example,  if the continued failures of the Biden policies cause the situation at  our southern border to become so dire that our military is called to  secure our border and the military obtains evidence of trafficking or  smuggling or some other crime?   We simply do not know enough about changing this longstanding legal  document here today to jam it into a National Defense Authorization  Act. This is an issue that needs to go through a more robust process  where the committees of jurisdiction can hold hearings and fully  explore all possible consequences.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the motion, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, who has the right to close?    Madam Speaker, in closing, I would just say the gentleman  in his introduction of the amendment said that while President Trump-- he talked about President Trump and the riots that took place last  summer--he said, well, I would just point out that while President  Trump was talking about deploying the military to deal with the riots  that were happening in so many major urban areas around our great  country, what were Democrats doing?   What were Democrats doing?   They were defunding the police, and they were raising money to bail  the very rioters out who were destroying property and attacking police  officers to raise money to bail those individuals out of jail. And now  here tonight we have some policy that hasn't been through committee and  hasn't been through any process trying to be put into the National  Defense Authorization Act.   Again, Madam Speaker, I urge opposition to this, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   