 Mr. Speaker, as co-chair of the House Border Security  Caucus, I very much appreciate the opportunity to come to the floor  with the Republican Study Committee to talk about the most pressing  issue our Nation is facing today, right now; and, sadly, it was  entirely avoidable.   There are no ifs, ands, or buts. The crisis on our southern border is  a direct result of President Biden's failed immigration and border  security policies--miserably failed.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle have predictably done  what they do best: Blamed President Trump and his administration.   But anyone with a pulse can see that this border crisis started the  very day that President Biden was sworn in. On his first day in office,  Biden stopped construction of the border wall, ended the national  emergency declaration on the southern border. He stopped the migrant  protection protocol so asylum-seekers would have to wait in Mexico.   And rather than utilizing the title 42 health restrictions to protect  Americans during this pandemic, Biden and his administration are  releasing COVID-positive illegal aliens into Texas to worsen the  pandemic and fan out across this country.   He would go on to stop deportation, stop enforcing immigration laws,  bring back ``catch and release,'' and end the hard-won changes that  President Trump had initiated to control our southern border.   He has specifically said that Americans will not be prioritized-- repeat: Will not be prioritized--over illegal immigrants for access to  COVID-19 vaccines, and promised citizenship to millions upon millions  of migrants here illegally, which does nothing but incentivize more  illegal crossings. All of this in less than 2 months.   Who on earth is surprised that there is a massive border crisis?   Yes, President Biden owns this border crisis. The truly sad reality  is this isn't Biden's first rodeo. When he was vice president, he saw  surges on the border, and he knows full well what exactly that means.   He saw children being used and recycled by smugglers. He saw women  and children physically abused, raped, and even murdered by the  cartels, who fully control our southern border now, empowered by  President Biden. He even saw American families torn apart after a loved  one was killed by a dangerous criminal illegal alien.   He should know better. And you know what? He does know better.  Unfortunately, he is controlled by politics and his radical leftwing  base, and he won't turn back now.    The American people deserve to know that President Biden is taking  advantage of them through this crisis. And while the American people  were locked down for a year because of the pandemic, illegal aliens  roamed free. While they worked hard, paid their taxes, and saved just  to get by, illegal immigrants cost them billions every year with free  education and healthcare.   My great State of Texas and the other border States cannot take  another minute of Biden's border crisis. The President of the United  States needs to step up and he needs to lead. Lives are at stake.   