 Madam Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's courtesy.   I came to Congress 25 years ago determined that the Federal  Government should be a better partner, working with our communities,  making our families safer, healthier, and more economically secure.   I have traveled to over 200 communities, working with architects,  landscape, engineers, local government, State government, transit,  listening to their concerns about how we make the transportation system  work better.   I can say unequivocally that this legislation that we are considering  today reflects what America wants. There is a broad consensus that we  can't keep doing the same thing.   We need to make sure that we build a low-carbon future; that it is  equitable; that deals with the challenges that indiscriminate  infrastructure inflicted on communities. I have an example in my  hometown, where a transportation project, a freeway, just ripped  through an African-American community, without the sense of what it was  doing to people who weren't involved.   Well, people don't want to do that anymore, and they want to have a  multi-modal solution.   The nonsense that we hear from the other side, that somehow this will  prohibit construction of new roads, is not true. But what it does is  emphasize fixing it first and having plans that put the pieces together  in a way that solves problems rather than creating new ones.   Yes, we ought to pursue the bipartisan agreement that the President  has struck with our friends in the Senate. I think that is optimistic.  But we need to reauthorize the Surface Transportation Act. And with the  approach that has been offered by the administration and embodied in  this legislation, we are cutting to the chase.   The details here matter. $45 billion would be authorized to deal with  the lead pipes that are poisoning our children; streamlining drinking  water standards. Yes, it deals with roads and bridges. It has  transformational investments for transit, $109 billion, and attention  to rural and urban areas. Passenger and freight rail, and triples  funding for Amtrak.   It is beyond just the numbers. It is how we put these pieces  together.   Madam Speaker, I cringe a little bit when I have my friends dismiss  the notions of a low-carbon future. I bring you greetings from  Portland, Oregon, where we had three record-breaking 116-degree  temperatures in June. The Pacific Northwest is facing a climate  catastrophe that, in no small measure, is due to the fact that we are  not doing what we all could to have a low-carbon future.   This legislation captures the moment. It invests in the future, not  in the past. It is how we will heal divisions, protect the planet,  revitalize the economy, and pull America together.    I appreciate your forthright support for a  legislation that deals with the future. The gentleman from Louisiana  State is a textbook example of what happens when we are not dealing  meaningfully, when, for example, allowing the petrol chemical industry  free rein. That is why they are losing an acre an hour, putting them at  risk. This legislation is visionary in terms of providing the tools  that communities need.   I visited over 200 communities since I have been in Congress dealing  with land use, transportation, cycling, how we deal with land use  planning in terms of design. This legislation supercharges that, gives  them the tools that communities want.   Madam Speaker, Republicans for 8 years refused to move forward in a  meaningful way; paralyzed, not willing to make a tough decision. I  salute the committee. I salute you and these package of amendments  because this prepares us for the future.   I bring you greetings from a community that had 116-degree  temperature in June. This is the future if we don't move forward.    Madam Speaker, that is the future you are all going  to be experiencing. It is not just losing an acre an hour in Louisiana,  it is baking in the Pacific Northwest, where people didn't even think  they needed air-conditioning.   We have an opportunity to make those investments. I think the  committee has done an outstanding job. And if you spend time on the  ground with local government, with the private sector who want to solve  these problems, we will find that this is very much in keeping with  what America wants and America needs.   Madam Speaker, I appreciate their leadership and hard work.    Madam Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's courtesy  in permitting me to speak against the Republican approach with these  amendments.   It is a different world that we are operating in, in terms of climate  change, in terms of the facts. I bring you greetings from a community  that suffered a 116-degree temperature in June.    But I guess we can understand their being confused. These are the  same people who thought the rioters that attacked the Capitol were a  group of peaceful tourists. They are in an alternative universe.   Who are the groups and organizations that support this approach? Not  the engineers, not the truckers, not local government, not State  government, not environmentalists, not the bicyclists.   There is a wide array of interest groups that understand that this is  the future. This is an opportunity for us to actually compete with  China.   I was there 12 years ago and watched them weaponize our research,  leaping ahead in solar, wind, and electric vehicles. That is the future  that China has unless we reclaim it.   This visionary legislation, offered by the gentleman from Oregon and  his committee, helps us get back in the game. It is one that we can't  afford to lose. This approach will do it, and I applaud him for his  leadership in allowing us to move forward.   