 Madam President.    Reserving the right to object, 2 years ago, I authored  bipartisan legislation sanctioning any company that participated in  building Nord Stream 2. That legislation passed Congress  overwhelmingly, and Democrats and Republicans overwhelmingly supported  it. That was passed on the NDAA, the National Defense Authorization  Act.   A year ago, I authored a second set of bipartisan sanctions on Nord  Stream 2. That second set of bipartisan sanctions again passed  overwhelmingly with the support of Democrats and Republicans in this  Chamber. That second set of bipartisan sanctions likewise passed on the  National Defense Authorization Act.   Today, the Democrats are objecting to passing sanctions on Nord  Stream 2.   What has changed?   Two things have changed. No. 1, today Joe Biden is President and not  Donald Trump. And the Democrats were more than willing to stand up to  Russia when Donald Trump was President, but when Joe Biden is  President, suddenly it is untenable for Democrats to stand up to  Russia.   But, secondly, it is even worse because what has also changed is that  Joe Biden has utterly and completely capitulated to Vladimir Putin. He  has waived the mandatory sanctions that this body passed. He has given  a multibillion-dollar generational gift to Putin. This strengthens  Russia. Decades from now, successor dictators in Russia will reap  billions of dollars that they will use for military aggression against  Europe, against America, and it will be because Joe Biden utterly and  completely capitulated.    So why are Senate Democrats objecting to a vote on Nord Stream 2?   Because they cannot defend Joe Biden's surrender to Putin on the  merits. They don't want to vote on it because it would be politically  inconvenient for this White House that has undermined the national  security of the United States and has weakened our allies. Right now,  energy prices are skyrocketing in Europe because Joe Biden surrendered  to Vladimir Putin.   We have twice passed Nord Stream 2 sanctions on the NDAA. After  Biden's surrender to Putin, we should do so again. My Democratic  friends who have given speech after speech after speech against Nord  Stream 2, against Russia, should demonstrate they mean what they say  and that they are not simply interested in being political protectors  for a Democratic President.   Accordingly--and I would note, by the way, in response to every  amendment that has been called up, the Democrats have not seen fit to  provide even a word of substantive argument in response. So I am going  to predict you are not going to hear the President, Joe Biden,  surrender to Russia. You are not going to hear any defense of Nord  Stream 2. You haven't heard any substantive defense. You are going to  hear two words--``I object''--because the Democrats are afraid of  taking this vote.   I believe we are elected here to represent our constituents and the  interests of the United States, and we should have the courage to do  so. Therefore, I ask to modify the request to include amendment No.  4794.    My prediction was accurate, and I object.   