 Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2225, the National Science Foundation  for the Future Act, includes my bill, H.R. 3795, to ensure educators  from the Northern Mariana Islands, Virgin Islands, Guam, and American  Samoa are represented in the annual Presidential Awards for Excellence  in Math and Science Teaching.   Established by Congress in 1983, the Presidential Award is the  highest recognition that an elementary or secondary school mathematics  or science teacher may receive in the United States. Over 4,800  teachers have been recognized for their contributions in the classroom  and to their profession.   Unlike the fifty States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and  Department of Defense schools, each of which may recognize a STEM  educator, no more than two awards in total can go to teachers from the  four insular areas: the Northern Mariana Islands, the Virgin Islands,  Guam, and American Samoa. This limitation has resulted in many years in  which no teacher from one of those four areas is selected. No teacher  from the Marianas, for instance, was selected last year. And this lack  of recognition defeats the purpose of the program, which is to inspire  excellence within each area and provide a role model for other local  STEM educators to emulate. These statutory limits, also, unfairly deny  deserving educators in the insular areas the national recognition and  professional development opportunities we provide to STEM educators  elsewhere in our nation.   My bill provides a more equitable process by requiring awards to at  least one teacher from each of the four areas. By ensuring teachers  from all parts of America are represented, more students and schools  will benefit from the expert-led training programs and collaboration  opportunities available to awardees during their visit to our nation's  capital.   I thank Chairwoman Johnson and Ranking Member Lucas for all their  support to include into H.R. 2225 this important measure.   I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 2225.   