 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman  from the First District of South Carolina for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 264.    Oh, I thought you could take it off when  you are speaking. I am sorry.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of  my bill, H.R. 264, to rename the Post Office in Georgetown, South  Carolina, the Joseph Hayne Rainey Memorial Post Office.   A man, a trailblazer of many firsts, a civil rights pioneer, an  American hero that I had never heard of before I got to Congress; I  first learned of him because his portrait hangs on the wall in the  halls of the House of Representatives.   Joseph Rainey was the first African-American Member of the United  States House of Representatives. Rainey was born into slavery in  Georgetown in 1832. His father was a slave, but also a barber, and used  his earnings to buy freedom for himself and his family, including  Joseph.   During the Civil War, Joseph Rainey was conscripted into the  Confederate Army, but he escaped to Bermuda with his family and built a  prosperous business as a barber.   In 1866, he returned to Georgetown, where he became the county's  Republican Party Chairman. In 1870, he was elected to the United States  Congress, where he served until 1879. Think about that for a moment.  The first African American to serve in the United States Congress was a  former slave and a Republican from Georgetown, South Carolina.   His tenure in Congress was distinguished by its advancement of civil  rights, equality, and opportunity for all. He fought against violence  and intimidation toward African Americans. In 1878, as Reconstruction  was ending, he was defeated in his last race for Congress. He was one  of 14 Black Representatives elected before the end of Reconstruction in  1877. He was the longest-serving African-American Member of Congress, a  record which stood until the 1950s.   Following his time in Congress, Rainey was appointed as a Federal  agent of the United States Treasury Department for the Internal Revenue  Service in South Carolina.   In 1866, he returned to South Carolina for good and passed away the  following year in Georgetown. Rainey fought tirelessly for equal  rights, education, and economic opportunity for all. He left behind a  legacy that has improved the lives of generations, not just in South  Carolina, but across the country.   Representative Rainey's house still stands in historic Georgetown. It  is located at 921 Prince Street. It was designated a national historic  landmark in 1984, and I had the opportunity to visit just last year.  The next time you are close by, stroll by the modest home in downtown  Georgetown and pause for a moment to marvel at the life of an American  hero; a man born a slave, a successful entrepreneur, escaped  conscription in the Civil War, and served as a Representative in the  United States Congress. What a remarkable life.   It was a privilege to introduce this bill that honors a true American  patriot like Mr. Rainey. All South Carolinians, all Americans, can look  up to Joseph Rainey as a trailblazer of civil rights.   I would like to thank Lorna Rainey, the great-granddaughter of Joseph  Rainey, for her support in this effort.   I also want to thank Representative Clyburn and Representative Mace,  who helped move this through committee and bring it to the floor, along  with the entire South Carolina House delegation for their cosponsorship  of this bill.   This is a much-deserved honor for an accomplished American patriot  from South Carolina, Joseph Rainey. I urge my colleagues to vote  ``yea''.    