 Mr. President, last week--no, it wasn't last week; it was  about 3 weeks ago, I guess, now, President Biden released his ``skinny  budget,'' which gave us a top-line for defense of $715 billion. This is  a reduction, and I want to make sure everyone understands this because  the cut is actually below inflation, and that is not where we are  supposed to be.   You know, we have this document here that everyone agrees with. I  don't know one person--and this was written by six Democrats, six  Republicans, and this was in 2018. This has been used as our blueprint  ever since that time, and it is just remarkable the way it has come  out. The recommendations on this, as I said, were made by six  Republicans, six Democrats. All of them were experts in the field of  defense, and they came out with recommendations. In this year, the  amount in the budget for our military is supposed to be between 3 and 5  percent. This is in the document in front of us here. Of course, this  is actually a reduction. So it is way below what has been prescribed.   When it comes to China, there are two big reasons we need to make  sure our budget matches our strategy. First of all, China is spending  more on their military than ever before. As a result, they are getting  more technologically advanced and starting to sway the military balance  of power in their favor. There is no question about it, and I will  document that in a minute.   The threat the Chinese military poses is not a distant threat. It is  not something that might happen in 2030, 2035, or sometime in the  future. It is a problem we face today, right now, and it only gets  worse over time.   Admiral Davidson told the Armed Services Committee that he expects  the threat to manifest ``this decade, in fact, in the next six years.''  That is the sense of urgency. That is when they become greater than we  are in many areas of defense and aggression.   So today I would like to spend some time dealing with the Chinese  military and what they are doing. This is what we are up against. This  is why it is so important that we get our defense budget right.   Let's start with China's military budget. Since 2000, Beijing's  spending on the People's Liberation Army has gone up 450 percent--450  percent. Now, we knew that back during the Obama administration, that  actually went up. Our reduction--it was a reduction in the last 5  years--was 25 percent. At the same time, China went up by 83 percent.  So this is what is going on in the world today. Beijing's budget for  the military went up 450 percent.   Now, you compare Beijing's buildup with the rest of East Asia. At the  same time, our core allies and partners in the region--that is, Japan,  Australia, South Korea, and Taiwan--have had basically flat defense  budgets since 2000. Compare it with our own military spending. As I  mentioned on the floor a couple of weeks ago, at the same time China  was adding $200 billion to their defense budget, ours shrunk by $400  billion.   We are certainly not provoking them with defense investment, and we  have barely touched our force posture in the Western Pacific over the  past two decades. So, if anything, our lack of action, our lack of  investment, is what is provoking China into thinking they can push  around and threaten our friends in the region.   The Biden administration says they want to take our allies and  partners seriously. So we should listen when they say they are  concerned about Chinese aggression. And they are, and the  administration knows this. I have had visits with the President. He is  fully aware of that.    Another progressive talking point is that the United States spends  more on defense than the next 10 or 12 countries combined. Now, that is  not true. The reality is that any honest comparison of numbers shows  that, combined, the Chinese and Russians almost certainly spend more  than us in real terms.   China's purchasing power is significantly greater than ours because  they pay their workers next to nothing and have much lower material  costs. They also focus their defense spending on hard power. I am  talking about airplanes, tanks, ships, missiles, and the like. Why?  Because they don't take care of their people.   People don't understand this. At least 40 percent of our military  budget goes to supporting our people. That is not true with any of the  Communist countries that are out there. All they do, they give them the  guns and say go out and kill people. We don't do that. And 40 percent  is a conservative figure.   You remember the housing issue that was such a big issue; that you  were concerned with; I was concerned with; we were all concerned with.  That is something that other countries don't have to worry about. China  doesn't worry about that. Russia doesn't worry about that. These are  things that--and yet that is almost half of our total budget goes to  those things for our troops.   We take care of our troops. The rest of them don't. That is the right  thing to do. But that is just another reason you can't do a dollar-for- dollar comparison between the Chinese and the defense spending. We need  a better accounting.   And incidentally, Senator Romney introduced an amendment to our last  year's NDAA, military defense act, to get us a real comparison in  spending. And the Pentagon owes us that report by October.   Now, in October--we are going to talk about this. We are going to  talk about this in our military because this is what the real spending  is, not what a lot of people think that it is. All of this is to say,  we don't have a good sense of China's true defense spending, but we do  know it is going up.   General McMaster called it ``the largest peacetime military buildup  in history.'' That is what General McMaster said just the other day at  one of our hearings. It is not just expanding their military; they are  modernizing and professionalizing at the same time.   Secretary Austin, our Secretary of Defense, rightfully, calls China  our ``pacing threat.'' But here are a few of the ways that they have  been outpacing us because they are investing where we are not  investing. The American people think we are, but we are not.   China has a 355-ship Navy. You know, we have been talking about that  for a long period of time here--how we are going to grow to a 350-ship  Navy, and we haven't done it. Well, China has done it. They have  achieved that last year. And while we were just talking about it, they  were on the attack to get 460 ships by 2030.   By comparison, our Navy is around 300 ships, and it is likely to stay  there if our defense budget doesn't grow.   In the air, the combatant commanders assess that China will have more  fifth-generation aircraft than we do in the Pacific by 2025, again, the  fifth-generation aircraft. We are down right now to the F-35. There are  not  [[Page S2059]]  any others. We had the F-22. The F-22 was our first fifth-generation  fighter, and it was one that we were all very excited about. They  started out wanting 700 of them, and we ended up with 187, just for  fiscal reasons. Again, that is where China is right now. That gets  worse if we have a flat or declining budget here.   China is expanding its arsenal too. The Pentagon's missile experts  tell us that China is now over 350 launchers for medium-range ballistic  missiles, which are capable of hitting Guam and striking the U.S.  warships in the Pacific.   They have produced exact copies of our bases, our ships, and our  aircraft to serve as targets. And they are out there right now shooting  those targets. That is us. That is America, and they are shooting on  the replicas of our equipment to show that they can down them. By the  way, they hit those targets successfully, I might add. And that is  going on today.   They also have thousands of short-range missiles. Many of those are  going right at Taiwan. China is also dubbing its nuclear stockpile and  completing their own nuclear triad. That is something that we have  criticism in this country, that we have a triad; that is, three ways of  deflecting nuclear attacks on America.   So that is what is going on right now. China's military is charging  ahead in just about every area. But a lot of the people who don't think  China is a problem--they say that none of the Chinese weapons are as  good as ours. Well, that was true in 1990. That was true in the year  2000. That is not true anymore.   The Office of Naval Intelligence said in 2015 that China's latest  surface warships were comparable in many ways to the mos modern Western  ships. China has deployed thousands of ground-base missiles. We are  still developing ours. They have fielded hypersonic strike weapons. We  are still in the research and development.    You might remember, because we saw that, the parade that was taking  place in Beijing. They were demonstrating that they have these weapons  that we don't have. And that was invested a year ago.   Just last month, the National Security Commission on Artificial  Intelligence assessed that the China rate of investment--they will soon  dominate us in artificial intelligence unless we do something different  than we are currently doing.   And while the Chinese will spend almost $50 billion on tech  infrastructure over the next few years, national security  infrastructure is apparently the only thing that President Biden  doesn't consider infrastructure.   Not only is China spending more on its military, but it has the tools  to beat us. Don't take my word for it. The bipartisan NDS--again, this  is the document that we have been using, and it has been remarkably  accurate, since 2018. That NDS Commission said, right in this book, the  U.S. military might struggle to win or perhaps lose a war against China  or Russia. That is what they said in 2018. And China has been going up  ever since.   Admiral Davidson told us the other week--only 2 weeks ago--that  ``there is no guarantee that the United States would win a future  conflict with China.''   China's military buildup isn't just investment for the sake of it;  they are already flexing their new muscle to challenge America and  American allies and American interests. And the PLA has deployed  missiles, radars, stealth jet fighters, and bombers to islands in the  South China Sea, claiming and militarizing islands in violation of  international law.   Just last year, the PLA fired anti-ship ballistic missiles into the  South China Sea, clearly practicing to target U.S. Navy ships in the  area. And that is what they are doing today. Those are Chinese troops  walking on Woody Island in the South China Sea. And the PLA has been  expanding its network of strategic ports and bases around the world  from Djibouti to Pakistan and Cambodia and Sri Lanka and elsewhere.   Last year, China started going after the territory of India, which  has resulted in dozens of dead Indian soldiers. They have continually  harassed Japan and Taiwan in the air and on the sea. Their fishing  fleets have terrorized small Pacific island nations. Over 200 Chinese  boats are staking out a reef in the South China Sea claimed by the  Philippines.   China has just completed a new satellite constellation over Taiwan  that allows for almost constant coverage of the island, the highest  known frequency of satellite coverage in the world.   A few weeks ago, Taiwan reported the largest ever Chinese incursion  when 25 combat aircraft flew into its airspace. And as the cochair of  the Taiwan Caucus, this is of specific concern to me. Some people have  forgotten that aggression by nation states is not a thing of the past.  People have forgotten how costly it is when deterrence fails.   That is why I am arguing for sustained real growth in the defense  budget. We know it is necessary. We know that it is attainable because  the burden of defense spending on the economy today is half what it was  at the height of the Cold War.   The Biden administration is trying to tell us that we can invest in  economic and technological competition or the military competition.  That is a false choice. We have to do the military.   The reality is, the Chinese are engaged in every dimension of this  competition, especially the military dimension, and they are not going  to stop anytime soon.   I would have to say, do we really want to be there for our allies or  partners? Do we want our children and grandchildren to live in a world  where our status of leader of the free world is in name only?   You know, my wife and I have been married for 61 years. We have 20  kids and grandkids so I have a stake in this thing. I have a real  concern. Do we want them, these kids, to grow up in a world where  China--the same country that is committing genocide against the  Uighurs, silencing free speech, and jailing activists in Hong Kong-- gets to set the rules of international engagement?   This isn't a hypothetical question. That is a question that we are  answering each year when we set our military budget, and, frankly, I am  disappointed in how the current administration is answering that call.   We have to be prepared to take on China from all angles of national  power. And this begins with adequate resourcing of our U.S. military  with real growth in the defense budget.   It is kind of a myth floating around. I know every time I give a  speech someplace in the State of Oklahoma or elsewhere, there is a kind  of an assumption that we in the United States have the best of  everything. And following World War II, that was true, but that isn't  true today. And if America chooses to sit on the sidelines in this  competition, and we ask our allies and partners to face China alone,  the failure of military deterrence becomes more likely. And that is an  outcome that nobody there or here wants.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   