 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 1605, the  National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022.   I am proud that we in the House and Senate have completed our work on  this defense bill and reached bipartisan consensus in support of our  national security and our men and women in uniform.   This year's bill contains multiple provisions to address strategic  challenges presented by China and Russia, to strengthen our ability to  operate in the grey zone of conflict, and to deepen relationships with  key allies and partners.   As chair of the Intelligence and Special Operations Subcommittee, I  am proud of the provisions of this bill that represent critical reforms  to the defense intelligence enterprise, Special Operations Forces, and  our ability to counter weapons of mass destruction.   Our bill creates more agility across the defense intelligence  enterprise by expanding information sharing with allies and partners  and breaking down barriers to information sharing. This enhances our  warfighters' and combatant commanders' ability to counter China and  Russia in the information environment.   The bill authorizes investments in emergent technologies for  intelligence systems, including increasing funding for Project Maven,  military information support operations, and the continued use of Small  Business Innovation Research to develop AI-enabled data storage system  solutions.   Our bill authorizes a $105 million increase to the Cooperative Threat  Reduction Program, which will enhance our efforts to detect and fight  emergent chemical and biological threats and develop medical  countermeasures such as vaccines and therapeutics.   It also establishes an office and organizational structure and  provides authorities to address unidentified aerial phenomena.   Finally, the bill strengthens alliances and partnerships with key  countries in the Indo-Pacific, like South Korea and Taiwan, and in  Europe. I am particularly proud that for the first time this bill  recognizes the Baltic Security Initiative, which will provide robust  support to Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, and further strengthen  deterrence in the region at a time of heightened tensions.   I want to thank my subcommittee ranking member, Trent Kelly, for his  contribution. I also want to thank the staff, Shannon Green, Jessica  Carroll, Zachary Taylor, and Patrick Nevins, as well as my MLA,  Michelle, for their tireless efforts.   Madam Speaker, in addition to meeting the most pressing security  challenges we face as a Nation today, this bill supports our  servicemembers with a 2.7 percent pay raise, implements landmark UCMJ  reforms, and combats extremism in the military.   It is a good bill and I urge my colleagues to support it.   