 Mr. President, in my lifetime, the People's Republic of  China has gone from a poor and isolated country to one that now  accounts for 20 percent of global domestic product. There is no  question that the driving force behind this dramatic shift is the  ruthlessness of the Chinese Communist Party led by President Xi. The  CCP's ruling strategy can best be described as win at all costs, which  means that China never thinks twice about disregarding basic values and  international norms. But there is no question that the most immediate  and grave threats are against countries close to China's borders.   Last month, I led a congressional delegation to visit the Indo- Pacific to learn more from the people on the ground doing the hard work  about the challenges they face and that we face in the Indo-Pacific. In  my conversations with leaders in the Philippines, Taiwan, and India, I  noticed they used a different vocabulary to describe China's behavior  than what we hear in Washington, DC. They didn't just talk about  China's ambitions; they warned of its threats of aggression. They  didn't just share concerns about China's unification with Taiwan; they  spoke of the potential for an invasion. They didn't just bring up human  rights abuses; they condemned the blatant genocide committed against  the Uighurs and other ethnic minorities in China.   Words matter, of course, and the soft lexicon that is often used to  describe the Chinese Communist Party and the People's Republic of China  here in the United States and particularly inside the beltway has the  potential to create a false impression about China's objectives, and it  plays right into their hands.   I think we should not continue to downplay the risks to the global  world order and to peace itself by what China is doing. This isn't just  a government interested in competing with the United States and other  countries by playing by the rules of the international order; the  Chinese Communist Party is an aggressive, even belligerent and hostile  power that has made economic gains through stealing intellectual  property and other activities that belie its stated ambitions to become  part of the liberal world order.   For example, it squashes opposition by committing genocide against  its own people and muzzling--even murdering--dissidents. China has  literally become a police state, where the volumes of data that they  have vacuumed up in that country and the ubiquitous technical  surveillance that is mainly cameras that chronicle every aspect of the  lives of their citizens and the use of things like artificial  intelligence have allowed them to essentially control everything that  does go on in China. And these are the same tools that they intend to  use on other parts of the world.   We know China has spent a lot of money developing its military  resources. It has come a long way, while the United States and other  countries were focused post-9/11 on the Global War on Terror. While we  were focused on the Middle East, the PRC and the CCP wasted no time in  rebuilding their capabilities from a military standpoint.   And they are now aggressively claiming other parts of the region, not  just Taiwan, but contested islands in the South China Sea that are  claimed by Japan, by the Philippines, and other countries as well.   Well, as I mentioned, one of the greatest looming threats in the  region is a potential invasion of Taiwan by the People's Republic of  China.   Of course, as you can see, Taiwan is just a small island of about 24  million people, just off the coast of mainland China. It is not much  larger than the State of Maryland.   In every possible way you can imagine, Taiwan is a stark contrast  with China. For one, it is a true democracy. Voters go to the polls  with the confidence that the election results are not predetermined.  Successful businesses--and there are many of them--are built on good  old-fashioned hard work, not government favoritism. And the people in  Taiwan--the Republic of China--enjoy the same freedoms that we do here  in the United States: freedom of speech, freedom of press, freedom of  religion, and freedom of assembly.   Taiwan has been a self-governing entity for more than 70 years, but  the Chinese Communist Party falsely asserts that the island republic is  part of its territory. Indeed, Taiwan faces China as the last outpost  of democracy, standing watch against authoritarianism.   Our congressional delegation met with the commander of the Indo- Pacific Command who described the current power dynamic rather  succinctly. He said it is not a question of if China moves on Taiwan,  but a question of when.   Indeed, the language we heard from our military leadership and others  in the region was far more urgent in terms of the threat of the  People's Republic of China against Taiwan than anything I have heard  here in Washington, DC.   According to our top military leaders, we have an idea how long Xi  might wait. He himself has said that he wants to be ready by 2027. But  there is absolutely no guarantee that President Xi and the Chinese  Communist Party of the People's Republic of China--there is no  guarantee they won't move at another time of their choosing.   As I said, Taiwan is not the only nation on the CCP's list. China has  territorial claims against a number of its neighbors. If you closed  your eyes and just threw a dart at this region, you would likely hit  one or more of those contested areas. Japan, the Philippines, Vietnam,  Bhutan, India--all of those countries claim sovereign territory that is  also contested and claimed by the Chinese Communist Party of the  People's Republic of China.   Of course, it hasn't even been 25 years since China took control of  Hong Kong under the ``one country, two systems'' framework. China had  promised Hong Kong it would retain a high degree of autonomy for at  least a half a century, but, obviously, Beijing eroded the freedoms and  independence of Hong Kong to the point of basically hijacking that city  and that entity.   The Indian Minister of Foreign Affairs in Delhi told our delegation  that Taiwan isn't the problem; it is a China problem. And I think he  has a point.   In other words, what is at stake here is much larger than the future  of just one nation. It is the entire scope of Beijing's power and its  ambitions in the region. Taiwan is not the final goal. It is the next  step in a quest to reach regional dominance.   Taiwan will likely be the first target because it has been identified  by President Xi and the Chinese Communist Party, but it certainly won't  be the last. I think it would be the ultimate in naivety, first, to  think, well, this is just about Taiwan. It is not just about Taiwan.  China will continue to threaten; intimidate; and, unfortunately, I  think, ultimately threaten and invade its neighbors. And if that  aggression goes unchecked, the CCP's power grab will reach further and  further.   Plus, I believe in the power of deterrence, what Ronald Reagan called  [[Page S8879]]  peace through strength. Nobody wants a military conflict in this  region--nobody.   If the CCP can attain its goals without a shot being fired, they will  try to do that. They are already trying to do that. But the fact of the  matter is, if the People's Republic of China and the Chinese Communist  Party worked to conduct a military invasion of Taiwan, there are a  multitude of risks of mistakes, miscalculations, and other dangers that  could lead to a larger conflict.   And I believe we have a responsibility in the United States to make  sure, to the extent humanly possible, that that does not happen. We  want peace, but we also want to stand up to the kind of aggression that  we are seeing in practice and being threatened in the Indo-Pacific  region. I believe that countering and first confronting the threats  from the PRC is one of the greatest national security imperatives of  our generation.   Russia, obviously, is a significant power, mainly because it holds  nuclear weapons; but it mainly tries to find places where the United  States is having a hard time and tries to make those situations more  challenging for us. It doesn't compare to the Chinese Communist Party  and the PRC in terms of its regional ambitions, its attempt to project  its power and its control over the region.    We need to reorient the way that our country views and responds to  this threat, and I believe that time is of the essence. As I said, some  people have said that President Xi could wait until as late as 2027 to  try to take Taiwan, but there is no guarantee that it couldn't happen  earlier if they deem it an opportunity to exist for them to do so.   The longer Beijing is treated as a reasonable, goal-oriented country  by the international community, the more aggressive it will become. One  seemingly small step we must take is to describe China's actions with  accurate terms. We can't do the CCP any favor using watered-down  euphemisms like human rights abuses when what we are really talking  about is genocide. Here in the Senate, as we know, words are important,  but those words need to be accompanied with action.   We will soon vote on the National Defense Authorization Act, which  will help us raise the issue and visibility of this potential conflict  and raise the opportunity for deterrence in response to growing threats  posed by China. We can do good work here on the Defense authorization  bill to raise the cost to the PRC in the event they decided to invade  Taiwan.   The Defense Authorization Act includes a bipartisan bill I introduced  with Senator Duckworth called the Taiwan Partnership Act. This bill  would establish a formal partnership between the U.S. National Guard  and the Taiwanese defense forces to strengthen Taiwan's preparedness.   Should troops need to deploy quickly in the event of a crisis, they  would be armed with the same knowledge and skills as our dedicated U.S.  National Guardsmen. This would also help Taiwan build up much of its  asymmetric defenses.   The Defense Authorization Act also includes legislation I introduced  with Senator King, from Maine, to ensure that the United States and  Taiwan can improve defense interoperability. There shouldn't be any  barriers to cooperating on important security measures like integrated  air and missile defense systems.   The Defense Authorization Act includes other provisions to increase  defense cooperation with Taiwan and equip the U.S. Indo-Pacific Command  with greater resources. It also ensures that the United States will  take a stronger approach and confront the threats being made by the  Chinese Communist Party.    This is not a partisan issue, as you can tell. After the delegation I  led to Taipei, it was followed on by a bipartisan coalition mainly from  Members of the House, and I think it is absolutely critical that that  spirit of bipartisanship and the reality of bipartisanship continues to  exist when it comes to the threat posed by the People's Republic of  China and the Chinese Communist Party.   I appreciate colleagues on both sides of the aisle who have  championed the provisions I mentioned and those who may have other  ideas about how we can deter acts of aggression, not only against  Taiwan but against other countries in the region when it comes to  disputed islands and other territory.   I want to thank Chairman Reed, Ranking Member Inhofe, and our  colleagues on the Armed Services Committee for all the work they have  put into this bill so far. One of our most solemn responsibilities is  to provide for the common defense, and this is the best way to ensure  that our national defense is prepared to meet the challenges on the  horizon.   I yield the floor.   