 Mr. Speaker, I want to honor a family man, a  caring neighbor, and a selfless public servant, my dear friend Raul  Montes, Sr.   Raul was the ward superintendent for the 22nd Ward in the city of  Chicago, a community known as Little Village. Raul and I share a common  background. We both came to this country at a young age, settled in the  Chicago neighborhood of Little Village, and started organizing for the  improvement of our neighborhood and for the greater political  representation of Chicago's Latino community.   Raul created a block club in our neighborhood that worked to improve  and beautify homes, backyards, and streets. They installed lamps in  their front lawns, planted sod in the parkways, and established block  watches and activities for children and teens.   This deep involvement in community life is why I appointed Raul as a  Democratic precinct captain of the sixth precinct when I was a member  of Chicago City Council. He was the most effective and beloved precinct  captain in Chicago's 22nd Ward. His hard work helped me and many others  win elected office.   As ward superintendent in the Department of Streets and Sanitation,  he was frequently seen driving down streets and alleys, conversing with  neighbors, and paying personal attention to their service requests.  Even after he retired, he would ride around the neighborhood, asking  people if they needed anything to be fixed in their homes or streets.   Raul organized the best block parties and loved to sing and dance  with his wife, Maria. They enjoyed traveling, spending time with their  grandchildren, and, of course, having big parties. He also enjoyed  helping out at the corner grocery store or restaurant to stay busy and  catch up on what was going on in the neighborhood after he retired.   Last month, Raul died of COVID-19, leaving a huge void in his family,  his neighborhood, and the entire southwest side of Chicago. Today, we  recognize his labor in the House of Representatives.   (English translation of the statement made in Spanish is as follows:)   A few words in Spanish. Today in the United States Congress we  recognize the friendship, work, and efforts of a great public servant.  Raul Montes was a great superintendent of the 22nd District and Little  Village community. We celebrate his life, all his efforts, and we'd  like to express to Raul's family that his life was well lived, and for  that reason, we give him this recognition.   Unas palabras en espanol. Hoy en el Congreso de los Estados Unidos  reconocemos la amistad, las labores, los esfuerzos de un gran servidor  publico. Raul Montes fue un gran superintendente de nuestra comunidad  en La Villita y el Distrito 22. Celebramos su vida, todos sus esfuerzos  y le comunicamos a su familia que la vida de Raul Montes fue bien  vivida, y por eso le hacemos ese reconocimiento.    Raul Montes, rest in power, my friend.   