 Mr. President, I rise in support of Alejandro Mayorkas's  nomination to be Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security.   As recent events have shown, our country is facing dangerous threats  to our security and to our national security. Violence and domestic  terrorism, spurred on by White supremacist ideology, anti-government  sentiment, and conspiracy theories, continue to rise. We saw the tragic  and deadly result of that growing threat right here in the Capitol just  3 weeks ago, and just yesterday the Department of Homeland Security  issued a counterterrorism bulletin, warning of possible further  violence in the coming weeks.   Earlier this year, we learned that hackers--likely backed by a  foreign adversary--carried out the largest cyber security breach of our  Federal Government. We still do not have all of the answers on how they  were able to infiltrate our networks or what information they have  access to.   All this is happening while we are struggling to control a once-in-a- century pandemic that has, tragically, taken over 425,000 American  lives so far.   The Department of Homeland Security should be leading a forceful  response to these complex and significant threats and protecting  Americans, but the Department and its more than 240,000 employees need  a qualified, experienced, and Senate-confirmed leader at the helm--a  leader like Alejandro Mayorkas.   Mr. Mayorkas has built an extensive national security record  throughout his career in public service. He has been confirmed by the  Senate three times, including twice for senior roles at the Department  of Homeland Security. Not only did he help lead the Obama  administration's successful responses to the Ebola and Zika epidemics,  he also played a critical role in protecting the homeland from foreign  and domestic terrorism, strengthened our national cyber security, and  increased cooperation between the Federal Government and local law  enforcement agencies.   Not only does he stand ready to lead the Department as it tackles  serious and challenging national security threats, Mr. Mayorkas also  understands that the Department and its mission have a real effect on  people and their families. His own family's journey to the United  States--first fleeing Nazi occupation in Eastern Europe and later  immigrating to the United States from Cuba--has given him a unique  perspective on the very heart of the Department's mission--something  that was certainly lost during the previous administration. Mr.  Mayorkas is uniquely qualified to make sure the Department of Homeland  Security is working to protect people from all backgrounds, all  communities, and all walks of life.   Mr. Mayorkas has the qualifications, the experience, and the record  of accomplishments to provide steady leadership, to help restore trust  in the Department, and to safeguard our national security. That is why  it is no surprise that his nomination has been endorsed by four former  Homeland Security Secretaries and a former Acting Secretary from both  Democratic and Republican administrations. He also has the support of a  group of more than 30 cyber security experts, 34 former Homeland  Security officials, and multiple law enforcement organizations,  including the Fraternal Order of Police.   Within this body, there are certainly very different views of the  role of the Federal Government, but one thing I think we can all agree  on as a top priority is keeping Americans safe. It is our No. 1 job,  and that is why I am asking my colleagues to join me today in  supporting the confirmation of Mr. Mayorkas as Secretary of Homeland  Security so that he can quickly begin the important and essential task  of working to strengthen our national security and safeguarding all  Americans.   I ask unanimous consent that the cloture vote begin immediately.   