 Madam Speaker, I rise to support the objection.    Madam Speaker, a day that was intended to debate the  importance of election integrity and the rule of law tragically became  a day that will be a black mark in our Nation's history. Nevertheless,  the work of this House must go on, as America will go on.   We must all sincerely thank the Capitol Police and Metro Police for  their selfless actions today, putting their safety and lives on the  line to protect this House. The lawlessness and violence of today must  be condemned, just as all violent protests must be condemned.   Nevertheless, the fact remains, a large number of Pennsylvanians are  enormously frustrated with actions taken by elected and appointed  officials in Pennsylvania, which have led to a high level of distrust  for this past election.   We have the United States Constitution, which is the reason we have  been and will continue to be a great country and a country of laws.   The U.S. Constitution is unambiguous, Madam Speaker, in declaring  that State legislatures are the entity with the authority to set  election procedures and to enact any changes to election law. Article  I, Section 4, Clause 1 states: ``The times, places, and manner of  holding elections . . . shall be prescribed in each State by the  legislature thereof.''   The authority of election procedures lies with the State legislature,  period.   In Pennsylvania, this authority was indisputably usurped by the  Pennsylvania Governor's office, by the Pennsylvania secretary of state,  and by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court.   These unlawful actions include, but are not limited to, accepting  ballots past 8 p.m. on election day; inconsistent application of  verified signature requirements for in-person ballots versus mail-in  ballots; authorizing the curing of mail-in ballots with less than 24  hours' notice, leading to inconsistent preparedness between counties;  and authorizing the use of unsecured drop boxes, which is not permitted  in statute.   If such unlawful actions are to be accepted, what do we have to look  forward to next year? The Pennsylvania secretary of state allowing  online voting because it may be raining in Philadelphia? It was a free- for-all.   Madam Speaker, it was back in 2005 when then-Minority Leader Pelosi,  while leading 31 Democrats as they objected to the Presidential elector  certification, as they did in the last three Presidential elections  when a Republican won, stated quite well, actually:   The Members of Congress have brought this challenge and are speaking  up for their aggrieved constituents, many of whom have been  disenfranchised in this process. This is their only opportunity to have  this debate while the country is listening, and it is appropriate to do  so.   Thank you for those words, Madam Speaker. They were appropriate then,  as they are now.   If there is an American ideal that all citizens, regardless of party  affiliation, can agree upon, it is that we must have election  integrity. We should not certify these electors, which were derived by  unlawful actions and a result of inaccurate vote tallies.    Madam Speaker, I yield the remainder of my time to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Joyce).   