 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last week, we learned that global meat  processing company JBS, one of the four meatpacking companies  responsible for more than 80 percent of beef processing operations, had  suffered a ransomeware attack. The attack temporarily shuttered the  company's U.S. beef plants, threatening the beef supply and leaving  ranchers wondering once again whether they would be able to sell their  cattle.   The JBS attack highlights two important issues. The first is cyber  security. The rise of ransomeware attacks  [[Page S4002]]  on critical industries and infrastructure represents a serious threat.   Less than a month before the ransomeware attack on meatpacking,  ransomeware criminals hacked the Colonial Pipeline, which supplies  gasoline and jet fuel to the east coast. The Colonial attack caused  fuel shortages and drove up gas prices, with many consumers facing gas  station lines that hearkened back to the oil crisis of the 1970s.   In today's society, where almost everything we do has a cyber  component, ransomeware and other malicious cyber attacks carry the  potential to seriously disrupt our way of life.   Cyber security needs to be one of our top priorities. Private  companies need to invest in cyber security, to keep their systems and  customer data secure, and the Federal Government has to invest in it as  a matter of national security. We can't afford to let hostile  individuals or hostile governments hack key government databases or  functions.   I was proud to be a lead sponsor of the HACKED Act, which became law  as part of the 2021 National Defense Authorization Act. This  legislation focuses on enhancing both public and private cyber security  development. It bolsters science education and cyber security programs  at multiple government Agencies, and enhances partnerships between  universities and employers on cyber security workforce needs.   We need to continue to make cyber security training a priority. We  also need to send a clear message to governments that harbor cyber  attackers. It is obvious that Russia remains a haven for cyber  criminals. Both the Colonial Pipeline and JBS attacks were the work of  Russia-linked hackers, and we need to make it clear to Russia and other  countries that we have no tolerance for the harboring of cyber  criminals.   