 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman Perlmutter for  his hard work on this. I am an unlikely person to support this bill  because I am opposed to recreational marijuana, but I came to this  because a company that is just outside my district that sells nutrients  now finds themselves in the situation where 25 percent of their profits  come from selling to legal marijuana businesses, and they are being  threatened, a Fortune 500 company, with losing their bank accounts.   We can't let that happen. We have got to make sure that we stand up  for safety and stand up for common sense. That is what this bill does.   Three points about this bill. Number one, it encourages safety  because money that is in a bank account can be frozen and can be  tracked.   By the way, this bill also increases suspicious activity reports, so  this idea about money laundering doesn't work because there are  suspicious activity reports that are expanded under the bill, and you  can freeze and track the money, which is really important. That is why  a lot of folks in law enforcement like this bill.   The final thing is, this bill includes provisions to stop Operation  Choke Point that Republicans couldn't even get passed when we had the  presidency, the Senate, and the House, and we got that negotiated into  this bill. It helps in a big way to make sure that there's not an  Operation Choke Point in the future, so nobody can choke off legal  businesses from their bank accounts and from access to the payments  system. That is a big deal. I want to thank Congressman Perlmutter for  allowing that.    Finally, before my time is up, I want to acknowledge Congressman  Warren Davidson, who isn't going to be able to fly in in time for this.  Congressman Davidson has been working on this bill with me for almost 2  years with Congressman Perlmutter. Warren Davidson has done an amazing  job. I just want to acknowledge his hard work, all his efforts. We  wouldn't be here today but for Congressman Warren Davidson.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1996.   