 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend,  Mr. Bilirakis, for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1, the Democrats' so-called For the People Act,  would create a public money slush fund using corporate fines to fund  political campaigns, including their own.   Based on numbers from the last election cycle, H.R. 1 would add up to  an average of $7.2 million into each Congressional candidate's  campaign.   My motion would ensure any fines collected by the Federal Trade  Commission under this bill would go to the victims of fraud and not be  used as a pathway to fund Congressional campaign coffers--victims, like  the thousands of students that were cheated out of $62 million by a  debt relief scam recently prosecuted by the FTC; or the patients with  liver disease who spent thousands on a supplement that was deceptively  marketed as a treatment; or those struggling with opioid abuse who were  part of a scheme that overcharged them for medication to help minimize  withdrawal symptoms.   The FTC has worked to ensure these victims are compensated. But if  H.R. 1 were to become law, many of these fine structures would be  weaponized to boost public funds given to candidates to pay for their  campaign mailers, political consultants, and even attack ads. Our focus  should be on assisting victims, not using public dollars to fund our  own campaigns. Again, based on numbers from the 2020 cycle, that is up  to $7.2 million per Congressional candidate.   H.R. 1 is often touted by my Democrat colleagues and the media as  voting rights legislation. This is the furthest thing from the truth.  How does weaponizing our victim compensation system to line the pockets  of politicians help people vote, or really help people at all?   Mr. Speaker, if we adopt this motion to recommit, we will instruct  the Committee on Energy and Commerce to consider my amendment to H.R.  2668 that would prevent any public funds collected because of this bill  from going into the campaign coffers of Members of Congress or  Congressional candidates, and instead, keep the fines' process focused  on helping the victims of fraud.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the  amendment into the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion  to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the  motion to recommit at the appropriate time and a ``no'' vote on the  underlying bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to  recommit at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas  and nays.   