 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Washington  not only for holding this important forum tonight but also for his  tremendous leadership with the Western Caucus, where we look at real  solutions for rural America.   Madam Speaker, America is blessed with an incredible abundance of  wildlife. Many of these animals have become icons of our country. Look  no further than the majestic bald eagle, the national symbol of freedom  and American pride.   With such rich biodiversity, we have a responsibility to respect and  protect the species that call the United States home. When President  Nixon signed the Endangered Species Act into law in 1973, its stated  intent was simple: protect wildlife most at risk of extinction.   While the law had just intentions, ambiguous language and lawsuits  have allowed special interest groups to hijack the ESA, using it as a  weapon against any projects or actions they oppose. This has had a  particularly devastating impact on rural economies across the country  as red-tape lawsuits block important projects and essential agency  actions.   One example of this, as my colleagues from California know, is  continual ESA lawsuits over the 3-inch Delta smelt that have diverted  trillions of gallons of water away from farmers in the San Joaquin  Valley of California to create a man-made drought and double-digit  unemployment in recent years.   Despite these diversions, the fish populations of the Delta smelt  continue decreasing, and more farmers are throwing in the towel because  of the uncertainty.   We can find another example in the Pacific Northwest. The 1990  listing of the northern spotted owl economically devastated rural  communities in Oregon and Washington by virtually decimating the timber  industry in the region. The collapse of the timber industry has  actually hurt the northern spotted owl by making these forests into  dense, overgrown powder kegs. Now, decades later, Americans are paying  higher prices for building materials because much of our mill  infrastructure was wiped out, never to return.   ESA litigation has also prevented delisting of animals that have  fully recovered, like the grizzly bear. The Western States that house  grizzly bears undertook a herculean effort to recover them, to the  point that the Fish and Wildlife Service found that grizzly bears in  the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem and Northern Continental Divide  Ecosystem are fully recovered.   This is not a new issue, as they first moved to delist the Greater  Yellowstone population back in 2007. However, due to ESA lawsuits from  radical special interest groups, both population segments are still  listed.   Unfortunately, examples like this now fill the endangered species  list. This is diverting critical resources away from animals that  actually need protection.   This should be common sense. If an animal recovers and is thriving in  its environment, it should be delisted, plain and simple. Yet, Democrat  lawmakers and administration officials are so intent on pleasing the  whims of special interest groups that they refuse to follow the science  and to look at the facts. We must work together to close these  loopholes.    Earlier this month, the Biden administration announced it is rolling  back significant ESA reforms. It is another example of how out of touch  this administration is with rural Americans and endangered species as  well. Under these policies, rural America is now what is in the most  danger.   Many of the reforms put in place under President Trump were born out  of input from local communities most affected by the policies created  in Washington. Yet, this administration seems bent on reinstating  burdensome regulations in order to open up the door for environmental  groups to again weaponize the ESA.   Republican or Democrat, we can all agree that we want our most  vulnerable species not just to survive but to thrive for generations.  Using the ESA as a political battering ram will not accomplish this  goal.   We must return the ESA to its original intent: protecting wildlife  that is most at risk. Anything more than that is a bureaucratic  overreach and a giveaway to radical environmental groups.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman again for hosting this forum.  [[Page H2738]]        