 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    I think this is an issue that has been talked about. There  is a lot of interest in it and rightfully so.   In China, even as I speak to you now, human beings working as slaves  because of their ethnicity and their religion, Uighur Muslims, are in  factories making products that people will buy this holiday season and  throughout the year.   I think it would be shocking to most Americans. I think it would be  shocking to all of us to know that even as I stand here now, there are  products in this very Chamber in the Senate that were touched by and  made by the hands of slaves. It is a horrifying, horrifying human  rights situation--fully sanctioned, as we now know, by the Government  of China, the Communist Party of China.   We know this, by the way. The New York Times had access to these  documents for a long time--and they were finally revealed--that show  that this plan to use slave labor went to the highest levels of that  Communist Party.   I think it is also appalling that it reveals the level of dependence  this country has and the need we have to rebuild our industrial base in  this country and in allied nations. It is appalling because it is a  fact that we are so dependent on China in our supply chain, that many  have asked us to look the other way, to not complain about this, to not  pass a bill about this because it would disrupt supply chains, when  what they really mean is it would disrupt the bottom line, their  profits.   I don't need to explain to anybody how this works. You can make a lot  of money if you don't have to pay your workers or you pay them very  little. It allows you to undercut your competition.   So the fact that we have major American corporations and, for that  matter, national corporations and multinational corporations that are  making money, whose profits are driven by the fact that slaves are  building and making the materials they sell to us, is a horrifying  reality.   We have worked on this in a bipartisan way for 2 years, and we have,  fortunately, now reached a point--and, as you recall, I was here 2  weeks ago objecting to an amendment package on the NDAA to force  action. I want to recognize Congressman McGovern, our House  counterpart, and, obviously, the junior Senator from Oregon, who is  going to speak in a moment here in the Senate. It has been a bipartisan  effort.   We passed legislation on this last year. Differences between the  House and Senate kept it from becoming law. We passed it unanimously  out of the Senate earlier this year, but there were differences between  our approaches. And since that time, where the amendment packet was  objected to on the Defense bill, the House has passed not one but two  versions of this bill.   We are now in possession of one of those two versions, and it is a  version that doesn't have any objections here in the Senate either.   I wish we didn't have to pass this bill. There have been some in the  hallway who have suggested--I don't know if the right word is  congratulations, but commenting on how far we have come. And my  argument is that this is nothing to be happy about because, even when  we pass this bill, there will still be people working as slaves.   I wish that this did not even exist, but it does, and we must address  it. So we are now virtually just a couple of moves away, and it may not  happen today, unfortunately, for reasons you are about to learn  unrelated to this. But we are a couple of moves away from being able to  send this to the White House for the President to sign and for it to  become law.   I think it would be a powerful statement to make but also impactful.  A bill that says if you make things--if you are a company that makes  things or sources material--from these parts of China, you are going to  have to prove that slaves didn't make it before you can bring it into  this country. And I hope that if we can do that here, that other  countries around the world will follow suit.   If I may, Madam President, I wanted to yield to the junior Senator  from Oregon, who has worked side by side with us on this and has been a  key part of this, to issue his comments on it as well.    Madam President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of H.R. 6256, which was received from the House; that the  bill be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President.    Reserving the right to object, as modified, that would  mean the passage of the Uighur slave labor measure, which has unanimous  support, and would put us on the precipice and on track to confirm  nominees--Ambassadors to China and important Secretary of State posts  and also the Ambassador for International Religious Freedom--I would  have no objection to that modification.    Madam President.    Reserving the right to object, as I understand this  further modification, it would say let's take a bill that is meaningful  on an important global issue, something--an important human rights  issue that everyone here supports, that we can pass right now, today,  and send it to the President and he can sign it tonight or tomorrow  morning and it becomes law because everyone supports it, using this  process we are using here, and in addition to that, set up votes on two  nominees and an Assistant Secretary, at a time when speech after speech  out here has been about how we are not getting to these nominees and  Assistant Secretaries--so we can do all that but only if we add to it  something that has bipartisan opposition; that, no matter what, at  least 50 people here are against. It cannot pass unanimously, and even  if it could and it did pass, we would have to send it back over to the  House, not to the President, and the House isn't even in session until  January 10.   That doesn't sound like a good arrangement to me, and it is something  that I would have to object to.   