 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, in the winter of 2010, American  intelligence picked up the chatter of Afghan fighters in Pakistan.   ``Why are you back?'' asked the Taliban leaders. ``You are supposed  to be fighting the Americans.''   ``Yes,'' one of the fighters said, ``but the Americans run toward the  bullets.''   That story captures the American fighting spirit. If you ever find  yourself questioning the greatness of this country, I encourage you to  go talk to one of our young servicemembers.   I am not talking about our older generals or warhorses you often see  on TV or around here on Capitol Hill. They won't renew your faith in  America. They may even worry you.   I am talking about the young people. It is the door kickers, the tank  drivers, the trigger pullers. Some of them are still just kids. I am  talking about the ones fresh out of college; ones hoping to pay for  college by signing up for our great military. These young people are  America's future.   They are the Americans who fought so hard for us in Afghanistan over  the last 20 years, and they are the ones so disappointed today of how  we abandoned our mission in Afghanistan.   Many of them did not remember the bright blue morning on September  11, 2001, when evil itself boarded four planes here on the east coast  and took the lives of 2,977 of our fellow Americans in just a matter of  hours.   They were just infants when President Bush demanded the Taliban hand  over Osama bin Laden and shut down the terrorist training camps that  littered Afghanistan. And when the Taliban refused, the United States  and our most loyal ally, Great Britain, invaded Afghanistan.   We were soon joined by 46 other nations. It was the first time  Article 5 of NATO had been invoked, which states: An attack on one is  an attack on all.   America, in her righteous might, launched Operation Enduring Freedom  and rained hell on the Taliban on October 7, 2001. We lost 12 brave  American soldiers that year, but by December 17, we controlled a  country few Americans could have found on the map months before.   To call Afghanistan in 2001 ``stone age'' would be an insult to the  rocks on the ground. We saw diseases only found in textbooks. Eighty- five percent of the population was illiterate. No girls were allowed to  attend school. Cell phones and computers were nonexistent.   We were not there to conquer. We didn't want to nation build. Our  presence was needed because we wanted to keep Afghanistan from yet  again becoming a training sanctuary for every would-be terrorist on  Earth.   After all, the United States and our politicians of the 1990s looked  the other way and failed to recognize Afghanistan as a threat. Thirty  years ago, Afghanistan was a training ground for some 10 to 20,000  terrorists.   From Afghanistan, al-Qaida attacked the World Trade Center in 1993;  two of our Embassies in Africa; and bombed the USS Cole, a ship that  was docked.   The Clinton administration thought it could handle al-Qaida and their  terrorist threat with over-the-horizon capabilities. September 11  showed us that strategy doesn't work. But, unfortunately, the Biden  administration has forgotten those lessons of our past.   During World War II, my father landed at Normandy and fought the  Nazis in Europe. Hitler and Germany had the will to win, but, thank  God, America and our allies had more will.   From the time my dad landed at Normandy to when he reached Berlin, he  earned five Bronze Stars and a Purple Heart. He was lucky. More than  400,000 other Americans would never return home. Their blood, sweat,  and tears saved Europe and the free world.   Yet the work of the Greatest Generation didn't end on May 8, 1945.  Americans stayed in Germany. We stayed to prosecute Nazi leadership. We  stayed to build and rebuild their businesses and banks.   If you drive a BMW today, it is because America worked to change the  behavior of millions of Nazis who were still living in Germany after  the war. And we are, today, still in Germany.   It is the same success story in Japan and in South Korea. America's  commitment to freedom and democracy didn't end when the shooting  stopped. Today, Germany, Japan, and South Korea are some of our most  vibrant economies and democracies across the world. Those nations are  also among our closest allies.   That, ladies and gentlemen, was our hope for Afghanistan. Every  American wants to see war come to an end. War is ugly. War is brutal.  War robs lives and destroys property. But freedom is certainly worth  fighting for.   Like World War II, our war in Afghanistan was completely justified.  We took the end fight to the enemy who started it: the Taliban and al- Qaida.   Our war in Afghanistan ended in 2014. Operation Enduring Freedom  transitioned to a supporting role called Operation Resolute Support.   That support trained the Afghan Army, intelligence, and police forces  to fend for themselves. It allowed for greater educational  opportunities for young boys and girls all throughout Afghanistan.   And as the Afghan security forces became increasingly capable,  America withdrew her forces. By January 2021, we had reduced our  presence to just 2,500 from a high of 98,000 in 2011.   President Trump also wanted to go to zero, but his military advisers  said it would be unwise. So President Trump listened and maintained  troop levels at 2,500.   President Biden claims he doesn't remember his generals telling him  to keep 2,500 troops in Afghanistan. Yet the President's principal  military adviser, General Mark Milley, says he  [[Page S6885]]  wanted to see 2,500 troops in Afghanistan. The top commander for the  Middle East, General Frank McKenzie, said he wanted to see 2,500 troops  remain in Afghanistan. The top, longest-serving, and most decorated  commander in Afghanistan, General Scott Miller, wanted to see 2,500  troops in Afghanistan.   They clearly told President Biden that, to remain stable and protect  the U.S. and our allies, Afghanistan needed a small American presence  of 2,500 troops.   So when the President says he doesn't recall or he doesn't remember,  is he telling the truth?   Well, I don't know. But what I do know is that President Biden didn't  listen to his military advisers. He didn't listen to troops on the  ground. He ignored military advice and, instead, made a political  decision.   You can't run a war from Washington with an 8,000-mile-long  screwdriver. If you do, you will screw it up--85 billion in equipment  captured by the Taliban; valuable air bases abandoned in the middle of  the night; American citizens still left behind enemy lines to this day;  journalists and aid workers abandoned; innocent Afghan partners and  allies left to the will of our enemy; chaos and disorder at Kabul  airport; desperate Afghans falling from our aircraft, as people across  our Nation and the world watched in horror; 13 American soldiers dead.   None of this should have ever happened. But now we must reckon with  the worst foreign policy decision ever made. Our credibility has been  eroded and respect from our allies has been destroyed.   America must return to the peace-through-strength leadership that has  guided us throughout history. It has made our enemies fear us, our  allies value us and what it means to have us as a partner on the world  stage.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   