 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2523, as amended, the  Training in High-Demand Roles to Improve Veteran Employment Act, or  THRIVE Act.   This legislation would make needed improvements to the American  Rescue Plan Act of 2021. It would also make several technical  corrections to the Johnny Isakson and David P. Roe, M.D. Veterans  Health Care and Improvement Act of 2020.   COVID-19 has had a profound impact on our economy. It has closed  small businesses across the country and left millions of Americans  unemployed. That includes an estimated half a million veterans. Before  the pandemic, the veterans unemployment rate was at a near record low.  Today, it is almost double that.   We must help our veterans get back to work. I introduced the Veterans  Economic Recovery Act earlier this year to do just that. That bill  created the Veterans Rapid Retraining Assistance Program, or V-RAP. V- RAP allows veterans who are unemployed because of COVID-19 to receive  rapid retraining to compete for high-demand jobs.   The bulk of the Veterans Economic Recovery Act was enacted as part of  the American Rescue Plan. Unfortunately, because Speaker Pelosi used  the reconciliation process to pass the ARP, there were several  provisions of V-RAP that were not included. That is why I was pleased  to work with Chairman Levin on the bill before us today. It would  finish the job and ensure that V-RAP is set up for success.   Specifically, the THRIVE Act would allow the VA to add jobs to the  in-demand occupations list so the training leads to meaningful  employment; require the VA to work with the Department of Labor and  nonprofit organizations to ensure that V-RAP participants are provided  employment services once their training is over; require the GAO to  report on the overall effectiveness of V-RAP; and make changes to how  the VA pays schools for training that participants receive so that it  can be used by the veterans very quickly.   While I am glad the changes are being made, it is unfortunate they  were not initially addressed in the ARP.   The THRIVE Act also includes the text of the bill by Representative  Torres of California. Her bill would add information to the GI Bill  comparison tool to let the veterans know if schools have a religious  affiliation or have historically served a particular minority  population. This will help veterans be better informed when they decide  to use their GI Bill benefits.   I thank Representative Torres for her work, and I am glad that we  were able to include her legislation in this bill.   I am grateful to Chairman Takano and Congressman Levin for working  with me on the THRIVE Act. I am confident that it will help veterans  get back on their feet.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Cawthorn).    Madam Speaker, I want to thank all the Members who were  involved in moving forward with this legislation, especially Chairman  Takano, and I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill.   I yield back the balance of my time.   