 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senators  Cornyn, Grassley, and I be allowed to complete our remarks before the  scheduled rollcall votes.    Mr. President, it has been all political theater all the  time lately as the Democrats attempt to manufacture a crisis that will  allow them to pass their partisan Federal takeover of State election  law.   There was President Biden's overwrought speech in Philadelphia last  week warning that election laws being passed in various States are  ``the most dangerous threat to voting and the integrity of free and  fair elections in our history.''   That is right, in our Nation's history.   Apparently, post-Civil War voter suppression laws and poll taxes and  other atrocities don't hold a candle to what is happening today in  places like Georgia, where--the horror--only election officials will be  able to hand out water to those in line at the polls.   Then, of course, there were the Texas Democrats' antics as they flew  to Washington via a private jet to shut down the Texas Legislature and  prevent election legislation from being passed there, and the Senate  Democrats' field hearing in Georgia yesterday to highlight the supposed  horrors of Georgia's mainstream election law.   In his speech last week, President Biden mentioned stopping the  spread of disinformation, which is an ironic statement when the  Democrats are engaging in one of the most massive campaigns of  disinformation we have ever seen, because--and let's be very clear--the  narrative the Democrats are peddling, which is that States are engaging  in a massive campaign of voter suppression, is simply false.   In other years, I doubt whether any of the State voting laws that  have been passed would have been more than a blip in the national news  because they are nothing more than ordinary, mainstream updates to  State voting guidelines. The Georgia law that has provoked so much  Democratic hysteria is not only squarely in the mainstream when it  comes to State election laws, but it is actually, in some ways, more  permissive than voting laws in some Democratic-led States.   A piece in the New York Times, hardly a newspaper that carries water  for Republicans, concluded that the voting provisions of the Georgia  law are ``unlikely to significantly affect turnout or Democratic  chances.''   In fact, the piece notes that Georgia's law could ``plausibly even  increase turnout.''   Meanwhile, the Washington Post Fact Checker column noted again: ``The  law does not put up roadblocks to Black Americans registering to  vote.'' That from the Washington Post Fact Checker.   And yet Democrats have repeatedly asked us to believe that this law  is ``Jim Crow on steroids'' and part of ``the most significant test of  our democracy since the Civil War.'' Those are quotes, actual quotes,  from Democrats.   That is right, since the Civil War. Apparently, segregation and the  horrors of Jim Crow are nothing compared to Georgia's adjustment of its  regulations on no-excuse absentee voting, which isn't even allowed in  some Democrat-led States like New York.   It is almost comical, except that it is not, because there is nothing  funny about Democrats irresponsibly evoking the horrors of Jim Crow to  convince Americans that reasonable reforms to election laws are really  a dastardly plot to suppress votes.   There is nothing amusing about Democrats attempting to deceive the  [[Page S4958]]  American people in order to pass their election legislation because  that is exactly--exactly--what Democrats are doing.   Democrats have been determined to pass H.R. 1, their Federal takeover  of State election law, since 2019. Back in 2019, of course, they told  us we needed it because our democracy was broken, but then the 2020  elections happened and, lo and behold, Democrats won, and all of a  sudden our democracy was working fine--a record turnout, I might add,  in the 2020 election, the largest since the year 1900.   But Democrats still want to pass H.R. 1, now because, as both the  Speaker of the House and the House Democratic whip have openly  admitted, they think it will improve their electoral chances, and so  they have manufactured a crisis in the hope of convincing the American  people of the need to pass Democratic legislation.   There is a reason that Senate Democrats haven't managed to pass H.R.  1 so far, and that is because it is a terrible bill. The bill would  seize power from States when it comes to regulating and administering  elections, an authority that States have held, literally, since the  founding.   It would implement public funding of political campaigns, which would  mean that billions of government dollars, money that belongs to the  American taxpayer, would go to funding yard signs and attack ads--I am  sure something the American taxpayers would be really happy to see.   It would impose onerous new requirements and restrictions on  political speech. It would open up private Americans to retaliation and  intimidation simply for making a donation to support a cause that they  believe in.   It would effectively eliminate States' voter ID requirements. It  would politicize the IRS by allowing the IRS to consider organizations'  beliefs when deciding whether or not to grant them tax-exempt status,  and the list goes on.   No less an organization than the American Civil Liberties Union  opposed--opposed--H.R. 1 in the last Congress because the bill would  ``unconstitutionally burden speech and associational rights.''   Let me just repeat that for emphasis. The American Civil Liberties  Union opposed this legislation because it would ``unconstitutionally  burden speech and associational rights.''   In his speech last week, President Biden expressed concern about  States like Georgia ``moving from independent election administrators  who work for the people to polarized state legislatures and partisan  actors who work for political parties.''   It made me wonder if the President even knows what is in H.R. 1  because H.R. 1 would make the Federal Election Commission, the primary  enforcer of election law in this country, into a partisan body.   Instead of an independent Commission, evenly divided between  Democrats and Republicans, the FEC would become, to borrow the  President's words, a partisan actor that works for political parties.   If the President is concerned about independent election  administrators becoming partisan actors, perhaps he should take a look  at revising his party's legislation.   Since they have so far been unable to get their partisan election  takeover through the Senate, Democrats are now threatening to include  election measures in the partisan tax-and-spending bill that they are  planning to force through Congress using rules which allow them to  evade objections from the Senate minority.   Their idea is to provide financial incentives for States to adopt  Democrats' preferred election standards. I suspect it is an abuse of  Senate budget rules that will hopefully not make it through the  legislative process. But it is another disturbing sign of how committed  Democrats are to shoving through their partisan election measure.   For the sake of our democracy, let's hope that they will continue to  be unsuccessful.   While I am mentioning free speech and troubling narratives coming  from the White House, I want to mention the White House Press  Secretary's comments last week.   The Press Secretary noted that the Biden administration is ``flagging  problematic posts for Facebook that spread disinformation'' and later  stated that if individuals are banned on one social media platform,  they should be banned on all platforms. Wow.   Now, there is no question that private companies have the right to  moderate activity and content on their platforms--although, for the  sake of the free exchange of ideas and a culture of freedom of speech,  they should be very transparent, principled, and accountable about  doing so.   We all remember the backpedaling that recently occurred when media  and social media realized that they might have too hastily censored the  theory that the coronavirus originated in a Wuhan lab.   But while private companies have a right to police information on  their sites, the government cannot be in the middle of colluding with  social media platforms to censor Americans' speech. And the Biden  administration has no business telling Facebook or Twitter whom they  should ban from their platforms.   We condemn governments in other countries, like the Chinese Communist  Party, that do exactly this. We condemned the Cuban Government just  last week for shutting down their population's access to the internet  in the face of widespread protests.   If the government gets into censoring disinformation on social media,  as compared to, say, terrorist propaganda, where does it end   As we are rapidly finding out, ``disinformation'' tends to mean  whatever those with censorship power want it to mean.   Is the Biden administration going to start pushing social media  companies to censor anything that contradicts its narrative on the  supposed voting rights crisis? Is it going to suggest that anyone  defending States' election laws is spreading misinformation?   The best way to counter misinformation about lifesaving vaccines is  not censorship; it is broadly sharing more persuasive and more accurate  information.   The White House Press Secretary's casual admission of a Presidential  administration actively monitoring Americans and colluding with social  media companies to censor information is deeply troubling, and I am  concerned that the Biden administration is moving us down the road  toward government control of Americans' speech.   I would like to see the White House worrying about its own campaign  of disinformation on State voting laws. That would be a better use of  its time than trampling on freedom of speech by censoring Americans'  activities on social media.   I yield the floor.   