 Madam President, I am here for one of my favorite  days of the year on the Senate floor because today is the 249th  anniversary of the Gaspee raid. I can only imagine what I am going to  do next year when it is the 250th anniversary of the Gaspee raid. I may  bring pyrotechnics onto the Senate floor, in violation of every rule.   The Gaspee raid is what Rhode Island abolitionist and writer Frances  Whipple McDougall called the ``first blood'' drawn in America's  struggle for independence, and I come every year to mark this important  but overlooked event in American history.   Our typical history textbook tells us that the Boston Tea Party  sparked the American Revolution in December of 1773. Remember that  date: 1773, December. Massachusetts folks in Boston protested English  taxation by pushing tea into Boston Harbor. It was a memorable protest.  We ought to remember it. But we Rhode Islanders contend that a  different spark 16 months earlier out on Narragansett Bay ignited the  Revolution. The date was June 9, 1772, and the central players in this  saga were two ships, one a little sloop, the Hannah, embarking from  Newport for Providence, and the other a British customs schooner, the  HMS Gaspee; hence the Gaspee raid. The Gaspee was under the command of  Lieutenant William Dudingston of His Majesty's Royal Navy, patrolling  Narragansett Bay.   The meeting of the Hannah and the Gaspee and the act of defiance that  followed would be explosive.   Before I describe the encounter of the Hannah and the Gaspee, it is  important to set the stage.   England's King George had overextended his empire during the Seven  Years War, especially in the war's American theater known as the French  and Indian War. The conflict was expensive to win, and by its end,  Britain had taken on vast new territory and the cost of governing that  territory, and the British national debt soon doubled.   Meanwhile, over the course of the 18th century, Rhode Island had  become a prosperous, major distiller and distributor of rum and trader  of goods. Now, the rum trade was a corrupt and immoral enterprise, a  leg of which profited off the labor of enslaved Africans, but it was  profitable, and the British were thirsty for customs duties. So the  Crown tried to crack down on Rhode Island's trade, including its rum- running, to collect more customs revenue to pay down the King's debts.   King George's zeal for tax collecting in Narragansett Bay got a  little out of hand. British officers started seizing cargo without  evidence, leaving the cargo's owners with no recourse. They  commandeered Rhode Islanders' ships on flimsy grounds and then used  those commandeered ships to collect more customs duties. British  authorities even pressed Colonial sailors into service, essentially  kidnapping them and forcing them to work on the ships of the Crown  [[Page S4012]]    In one incident in July 1764, the customs ship HMS St. John seized  cargo and a brig in Newport Harbor. Rhode Islanders deemed this  outright theft. The Governor, Stephen Hopkins, later a signer of the  Declaration of Independence, ordered the arming of a sloop to go out  and take on the St. John in open battle on the bay.   The British got wind of it, and they reinforced the St. John with the  powerfully armed, if meekly named, HMS Squirrel. So the Rhode Islanders  scrapped their plans for a naval battle and settled for firing on the  St. John from fortifications on Goat Island with 13-pounder canons.   When the HMS Maidstone impressed into servitude an entire crew of  colonists, Rhode Islanders carried one of Maidstone's boats that they  were able to seize from Newport Harbor to the city commons and burned  it, with hundreds of onlookers cheering.   The Royal Navy impounded prominent merchant John Hancock's sloop, the  Liberty, in 1768. Even after the charges of illegal wine importation  that had justified the seizure supposedly were dropped, the British  Navy kept his ship and used it for themselves for more customs  enforcement. The next year, colonists in Newport reclaimed the Liberty  by force.   These simmering maritime hostilities set the backdrop for the fateful  meeting of the Hannah and the Gaspee in 1772.   As the Hannah sailed north up the bay on June 9, the Gaspee  intercepted her and ordered the crew to stop for a search. The Hannah's  captain, Benjamin Lindsey, was having none of it, and he did not  comply. He held his course and continued sailing north toward  Providence.   Warning shots were fired from the Gaspee. Despite them, Lindsey  continued on. His smaller and more maneuverable vessel led the bigger  Gaspee up north toward Namquid Point. Well, the waters off Namquid  Point shoal, and there are shallows off Namquid Point. Lindsey, as an  experienced navigator and sailor in Narragansett Bay, knew this, and he  sailed his Hannah over the shallows and kept on up to Providence.  Behind them, the angry Gaspee came surging in chase and ground into the  sand and stuck.   Aground off Pawtuxet Cove, the Gaspee would need to wait for the next  high tide before it could float free. Night closed in on the Gaspee.  There was no Moon. Lieutenant Dudingston and his crew were left to wait  in darkness and exposed.   Captain Lindsey sailed the Hannah on up to Providence, and up in  Providence, he immediately arranged a meeting of local patriots in a  tavern called Sabin's Tavern, which still exists under another name  today, in what is now the East Side of Providence, just below Brown  University. Together, and no doubt after refreshments, the group  decided to end the career of the Gaspee once and for all.   Several boatloads of Rhode Islanders, led by John Brown--later to  have Brown University named for him--and Abraham Whipple--an ancestor,  I believe, of Ms. Whipple McDougall--disguised themselves and boarded  longboats in the night and rowed the 6 miles from Providence down the  bay to the Gaspee. There, they surrounded the boat, and Brown called on  Lieutenant Dudingston to surrender his ship.   The lieutenant refused and ordered his men to fire on anyone who  tried to board and warned the Rhode Islanders of that threat. Well, the  Rhode Islanders were having none of that. They stormed the Gaspee in  the dark, and a melee ensued. Shots were fired. Swords clashed. In the  struggle, Dudingston was shot and wounded by a musket ball--the first  blood there of conflict between the Colonies and the Crown; the first  blood, one could say, of the American Revolution drawn right there off  Pawtuxet Cove.   The struggle ended with the Rhode Islanders in control of the vessel.  Brown and Whipple's men ferried the British crew safely to shore,  sought medical treatment for Lieutenant Dudingston, and then returned  to the abandoned Gaspee to make sure it never carried a Rhode Islander  again. To get rid of it for good, they set it on fire and retreated  from the boat to watch it burn and burn until the fire reached the  powder magazines and, when the fire reached the powder magazines,  explode into the Narragansett Bay night, blowing the remainder of the  Gaspee to smithereens and leaving it all to burn to the waterline.   Today, we Rhode Islanders call the site of these events Gaspee Point.  Every year in early June, we celebrate the spirit of Rhode Island  defiance that blossomed that day in Narragansett Bay 249 years ago. We  will walk a parade in honor of Gaspee Day this weekend, and we will  always remember the Gaspee raid, how it preceded by over a year the  Boston Tea Party, and how, while those noble Bostonians pushed tea bags  off of British ships into Boston Harbor, we blew the boat up.   I yield the floor.   