 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session and consider the following nomination:  Executive Calendar No. 476, David A. Honey, of Virginia, to be Deputy  Under Secretary of Defense; that the nomination be confirmed and the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order to  the nomination; that the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's action; and that the Senate resume legislative session.    Mr. President, the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for  Research and Engineering is a critical position that helps lead and  manage our military's science and technology work. This includes work  on disruptive, cutting-edge technologies like quantum science,  hypersonics, and artificial intelligence. Maintaining our competitive  edge over China in these areas has been a focus of the Subcommittee on  Emerging Threats and Capabilities, which I chair, and I know that all  of us--all of us--here understand how important it is.   We worked on a bipartisan basis to include investment and policy  changes for these priorities in the NDAA that we are hoping to pass  this week. The Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Research and  Engineering is tasked with carrying out many of these changes. Yet the  nominee for this post has yet to be confirmed.   Dr. David A. Honey is qualified. He brings decades of experience,  including as an Air Force pilot, an intelligence officer, and in  leadership roles at DARPA, the Office of the Secretary of Defense, and  within the intelligence community. Reflecting his qualifications, Dr.  Honey's nomination has bipartisan support and was voice-voted out of  the Senate Armed Services Committee in October.   At a time when our adversaries are investing heavily in an attempt to  outpace the United States, we need all hands on deck and confirmed  leadership in this post, so I am very disappointed that we could not do  that today. This is a matter of national security.   I yield the floor.   