 Madam Speaker, it was indeed the eleventh hour of the  eleventh day of the eleventh month in the year 1918. World War I, the  war to end all wars, was finally over. It was called Armistice Day.  Today, it is called Veterans Day, and it is the day we honor the  service and sacrifice of all veterans, those living and those who have  gone before us.    This coming Veterans Day is not about having another day off work. It  is not about enjoying another Federal holiday where we have an  opportunity to uncover the grill. It is about honoring those who have  served our country and sacrificed so we can live in freedom in the  greatest Nation on the Earth.   Madam Speaker, I grew up in Canada. My mom was Canadian and my father  was a U.S. citizen and a U.S. Navy officer in the Korean war. In  Canada, we didn't call November 11th Veterans Day, we called it  Remembrance Day; and we always wore a red poppy to remind everyone of  the sacrifices made for freedom.   This is a picture of one right here.   The poem ``In Flanders Fields'' from World War I talks about those  poppies. As an elementary school student, I was required to memorize  that poem. I think everyone should know that poem, because it is so  powerful. The symbol of the poppy for remembrance, however, did not  come from Canada. It came from my home State of Georgia, from a  professor at the University of Georgia named Moina Michael.   In fact, the highway between Athens, Georgia, and Monroe, Georgia, is  called the Moina Michael Highway to honor her efforts. In 1917, she  took a leave of absence from the university to volunteer with the Young  Women's Christian Association to assist overseas workers in the war  effort.   In November of 1918, inspired by the poem ``In Flanders Fields'' by  John McCrae, she vowed to always wear a poppy as a remembrance of those  who sacrificed in the war.       In Flanders fields the poppies blow      Between the crosses, row on row,      That mark our place; and in the sky,      The larks, still bravely singing, fly      Scarce heard amid the guns below.      We are the dead. Short days ago      We lived, felt dawn, saw sunset glow,      Loved and were loved, and now we lie,      In Flanders fields.      Take up our quarrel with the foe:      To you from failing hands we throw      The torch; be yours to hold it high.      If ye break faith with us who die      We shall not sleep, though poppies grow      In Flanders fields.    We are so blessed to live in a country where men and women willingly  put their lives on the line for our liberty. We must not, we cannot  break faith.   As we celebrate Veterans Day 2021, let's honor their service and  remember their sacrifice by asking one simple question: How can we  carry the burden for liberty?   May God bless America and may God bless our military.   Soli Deo gloria.   