 Mr. President, it is a real honor to be rising today to  speak in advance of the vote on Kristen Clarke's nomination to serve as  the Attorney General of the Department of Justice.   If she is confirmed, Kristen Clarke will be tasked with overseeing  the Justice Department's work to protect the civil rights of all  Americans.   I have known Kristen Clarke for years. I have worked with her. I know  her, and I can tell you that there can be no one better for this job.   To say that Kristen Clarke has an impressive resume is a gross  understatement. She started her career at the Justice Department in the  Civil Rights Division. She worked with the NAACP Legal Defense Fund.  She led the Civil Rights Bureau for the State of New York Attorney  General's Office and most recently served as president and executive  director of the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law.   No one could blame Kristen Clarke, after this entire career of  service and all that she has given, if she decided to take a step back  and find a less demanding job, perhaps a far more lucrative job. But  Ms. Clarke has dedicated herself to the highest principles of our  Nation--indeed, to the founding ideals of our country, formed with the  Bill of Rights, focusing on this idea of civil rights for all.   This is not just her job. This has been her calling. This is her  consistent conviction--to serve, to sacrifice for our Nation's most  sacrosanct ideals.   She has chosen to serve this country now at a time when we need her  leadership more than ever. She is an asset to our country, and I  believe she will serve with extraordinary distinction as a guardian of  our civil rights.   We need her experience. We need her expertise. We need her heart, her  commitment, her deep thoughtfulness   She is the daughter of immigrants, and after growing up in public  housing, in a low-income household, Ms. Clarke made it to some of our  most prestigious institutions and made it her cause to make the best  out of herself. She is an incredible success story. She is a person who  has overcome tremendous odds and advanced herself, not just for  personal excellence but for public service. This makes her, in my book,  a champion.   Yet there are still those in this confirmation process who want to  say that Ms. Clarke is the wrong person for the job. They are actually  using smear tactics and lies to try to misrepresent who Ms. Clarke is  as a person. There is a saying, ``Let the work I have done speak for  me,'' and I wish folk would listen.   She has prosecuted hate crimes. She has defended people's voting  rights. She has fought against religious discrimination. She has  dedicated her career to the cause of equal justice under law.   Ms. Clarke is the right person for this job. She is exactly who we  need. At a time when we are confronting rising hate crimes in America,  dramatically more instances of vandalism and violence against Asian  Americans, against Jewish Americans, against transgender Americans, we  need someone leading the Civil Rights Division who will stand up for  all Americans, who has experience prosecuting hate crimes and makes it  clear in this Nation that all are created equal and endowed by their  Creator with fundamental civil rights. That is who she is now and who  she has been for her entire career.   There are folks and forces working to strip away and weaken and  undermine these fundamental rights. We see efforts to weaken our  democracy, to threaten our principles. We need someone who will stand  up and affirm who we are as a people--a nation that believes in robust  voting rights, a nation that believes in the equal dignity of all  people, a nation that believes in protecting religious liberty. We need  a champion now as much as ever. We need Kristen Clarke leading the  Civil Rights Division at the Department of Justice.   And it is not just me saying that. It is just not Democrats saying  that. There are over 70 bipartisan former State attorneys general. We  see police leaders, law enforcement leaders endorsing her, prosecutors  endorsing her, the Anti-Defamation League and 69 different local,  State, and national Jewish organizations, all agreeing that Kristen  Clarke is the right person to stand for us, to work for us, to fight  for us, to champion for our precious civil rights at the Department of  Justice.   So many different individuals from all across the political  landscape, from all different backgrounds, and so many organizations  representing all of our diversity are speaking out in a chorus of  conviction about not just how good  [[Page S3391]]  Kristen Clarke is but how urgent her nomination is because of who she  has shown herself to be time and again: an unassailable, impressive  career of service, service, service. She is and has been a servant  leader for all of her career; a person of profound integrity; someone  whose passion, whose sacrifice, whose struggle in the pursuit of  justice has already made this Nation better.   I will say something on a personal note in closing. I have worked  with Kristen Clarke for years now on things that we have done together,  like a bipartisan criminal justice reform bill.   I had the occasion years ago of meeting her when she was out in  Washington with her son. He was a young guy, not that tall. Then,  during her hearings in the Judiciary Committee, I saw her again present  herself in an extraordinarily powerful manner, with grace and  expertise, but I saw that young man now had grown up. He is a big guy.  And it would be a leap of ego for me to say that I saw myself in this  young man because he is probably a lot smarter than I was when I was  his age and clearly is a better athlete, even though I will say for the  record that the older I get, the better I am in sports.   But I think about her career, and then I align it to what she has  done in raising a young Black man in America. While I couldn't project  myself onto him, I thought a lot about my mom in her. My mom raised my  brother and me in a nation that strove to be who we say we are, a  nation of liberty and justice for all. But where she knew we were  falling short, she didn't raise us to be bitter; she raised us to be  better. She raised us by setting an example, a woman who--from sitting  in at a lunch counter to desegregate a restaurant, to helping organize  the March on Washington, she showed me by example. As James Baldwin has  said, children are never good at listening to their elders, but they  never fail to imitate them.   I want you all to know that in Kristen Clarke, we have an  extraordinary American, an extraordinary person, and a great mom. And I  know what she has done with her life. She has lived perhaps with the  greatest principle of all, which is for us in this generation to make a  better way for the next, for us to make a more perfect Union, for us to  understand that the arc of the moral universe is indeed long but we  must bend it more towards justice.   I tell my colleagues and urge you to confirm her to this sacrosanct  and urgent position today because I am confident to the core of my  being that she will not just make us proud, she will not just defend  those who are having their rights trampled or their dignity  marginalized, but that she will make a better way for an America that  fulfills its promise, still not yet achieved, for us to be a nation  with liberty and justice for all.   Thank you, Mr. President.    Mr. President, I am honored to join in a colloquy with  some of my colleagues today on this urgent issue to really talk about  the central function of our democracy, whether the ideals of this  Nation are real for every American.   Now, if you cut me, I am going to bleed Jersey. But let me tell you  very plainly that I am proud to have grown up in Jersey, but I am also  proud to have been born in Washington, DC. This is where my parents met  after college. This is where they fell in love. Their first date was at  the Jefferson Memorial, at the paddle boats there at the Reflecting  Pool. They, there, remember--telling me--just the love they had for  each other that was already dawning, but also this fierce allegiance to  this incredible community that is Washington, DC. My mom talked about  the activism that was here. She was working for the public schools as a  speech pathologist, and she talked about this patriotic feel that she  had, especially when she was helping to organize the March on  Washington. The words on the Jefferson Memorial, where my parents had  their first date, at the end of Declaration of Independence, say:  ``[W]e mutually pledge . . . our Lives, our Fortunes, and our sacred  Honor.''   That is what we are called to pledge to one another, but for too long  the people of this city have not had the honor, the privileges, the  equal citizenship rights that so many others in every State in our  Union, in all parts of our democracy, enjoy. These are rights, as my  colleague says, that Washington, DC--in fact, disproportionate to many  other States--people from this community have bled for and died for.   This city is an extraordinary place. It is a community. It  outnumbers, in fact, in population other States. And we believe that  the ideals of one person, one vote, no taxation without  representation--that all of these are rights being denied fellow  Americans. Where is the honor in that?   Veterans and servicemembers living here in DC did indeed fight for  us, put their lives on the line for us, but do not have equal  citizenship rights.   The people of DC pay both local and Federal taxes that go to help the  people in red States and blue States. They are a city that pays more  taxes than they are necessarily receiving back, but when the people of  DC need help, when they need an advocate with voting power, they don't  have one in this body or in the one across the hall.   The lack of representation really has consequences--serious ones-- that significantly decreases DC's leverage in getting laws passed and  securing vital resources for its residents. We saw this firsthand in  the first COVID-19 stimulus bill. Washington, DC, received $725 million  less in critical aid than other less populous States. That was funding  needed for Washington, DC, first responders, for COVID-19 tests, and  other important lifesaving services. They were treated as second-class  citizens.   How is this fair? How is this just? How is this sacred honor? And how  can this be partisan? These are our sacrosanct values for those of us  on both sides of the aisle. This is how our democracy was intended to  function. These were some of the elements of the Revolutionary War.   I am hard-pressed to believe that my colleagues on either side of the  aisle don't recognize that to deny the people of Washington, DC,  representation is contrary to the values that we state regularly on  this floor. Making DC a State is truly a civil rights issue, and it is  also an issue of racial justice.   DC is a majority-minority city, and the people of this city deserve  the same opportunity that other less populated States have to make  their voices heard in Congress. This is especially urgent as we are  seeing so many States around the country enact sweeping voting laws  intended to make it harder for the DC majority--Black and Brown folks-- to even vote.   As U.S. Senators, we have an obligation not just to pass laws but to  be stewards of democratic ideals and principals. We took an oath to  that. Making DC a State is not just a matter of civil rights for DC. It  is about all of us because our democracy will only survive as long as  its true representation is that of all of its people. Truly, we know in  this Nation--it has been said by greater leaders before us--that  injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.   The people of DC have made clear what they want, saying it loudly.  They deserve full citizenship rights. They deserve the right to vote.  They deserve the right to have representation. They want to be the 51st  State. They should be the 51st State.   My parents lived for many years in this city, and I heard about DC  statehood as a little boy growing up in New Jersey. For them, it was a  matter of dignity and respect. It was a matter of valuing this  community and the richness of its people. To them, it is a shortfall in  the evolution of our democracy that the people of this great city  should be denied the very ideals that are written on the Jefferson  Memorial.    I urge my colleagues to move on this and to grant this DC statehood  and to afford them the sacred honor that all Americans deserve.   I yield the floor.   