 Mr. President, each year on July 30, we take time to  celebrate whistleblowers and the very hard role that whistleblowers  play in keeping our government transparent and accountable.   But the task of supporting whistleblowers doesn't start and stop on  July 30; it is a year-round job. And here in this Congress, it is  something that we have been working on for decades.   When I first came to Washington in the 1970s, most of the  whistleblower laws we take for granted today didn't even exist then.   I like to tell people, anyone who dared to blow the whistle back at  that time was about as welcome as a skunk at a picnic.   People in government would often retaliate by trying to run the  whistleblower off and make them out to be the problem instead of the  problem the whistleblower was trying to present.   I still hear about that kind of retaliation going on this very day in  far too many cases. But, today, we have better whistleblower  protections in place than we did years ago, and whistleblowers have  important advocates in their corner to support them.   The Nation owes a special thanks for many of the key whistleblower  protections that we have in place this very day to my former colleague  and good friend, Senator Carl Levin, who died yesterday at the age of  87.   Carl was the original sponsor of the Whistleblower Protection Act  back in 1989, and a cosponsor of the Whistleblower Protection  Enhancement Act of 2012.   I was proud to have worked with Carl on those foundational pieces of  whistleblower legislation. I know that if Carl  [[Page S5202]]  were still here in the Senate this very day, he would be continuing to  lead on whistleblower issues.   Carl understood that whistleblower protections are not just important  to Members of Congress and a small network of interest groups in  Washington, DC; they are important for the entire Nation because  whistleblowers play a critical role in our government. They call  attention to the problems of waste, fraud, abuse, and inefficiency.   And if you have the sort of transparency that comes because  whistleblowers are ready to stand up for what is right, that  transparency brings accountability to our government, and you can't  have a democratic government that is not accountable.   These whistleblowers help those of us in Congress to identify  problems in the government so we can fix them through oversight and, if  necessary, passing legislation.   And so whistleblowers help keep government transparent and  accountable to the people, and they help us find ways of saving  taxpayers' dollars.   As much as Carl accomplished during his Senate career helping  whistleblowers, and as much as we have accomplished together over the  years, there is still more that needs to be done to ensure that  whistleblowers remain protected.   One important resource for whistleblowers is the Merit Systems  Protection Board, where whistleblowers can go if they face retaliation  for blowing the whistle.   And let me tell you, too many whistleblowers face retaliation for  doing just what is right. We ought to see them as partisans for good  government.   Now, this Merit Systems Protection Board has been without a quorum  for more than 2 years, and it has developed a significant backlog of  cases. I am not sure what is keeping President Biden from sending us  nominations for that board. I certainly believe he needs to do that  without delay.   There is also still work to do to make whistleblower protections  stronger and more robust. I am working on several pieces of  whistleblower legislation in this Congress. One of my bills will  strengthen incentives and protections for whistleblowers who report  potential money laundering.   And I also have legislation to further strengthen the False Claims  Act and an act entitled Program Fraud Civil Remedies by giving Agencies  more resources to directly take on people who defraud the government.   In addition, I am working on legislation that will establish stronger  whistleblower protections for our FBI employees. Wherever there are  still gaps in our existing laws, I am working to fill those gaps.   This year, on Whistleblower Appreciation Day, the Senate  Whistleblower Protection Caucus welcomes two new Members: Senators  Collins and Hassan.   As chair of the caucus, I am pleased to welcome my colleagues. I look  forward to working with these new colleagues and our caucus co-chair,  Senator Wyden of Oregon, as we continue our joint effort to make sure  the whistleblower laws and protections we have in place next year and  the year after are even stronger than the ones that we have in place  today.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   