 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator  Murphy and I be allowed to complete our exchange before the next  scheduled vote.    Madam President, after Joe Biden's disastrous retreat  from Afghanistan, the country has fallen to a medieval band of  degenerate savages known as the Taliban.   Despite its depraved behavior, you won't hear anyone in our  government call the Taliban what it is: a terrorist organization.  Instead, Secretary of State Blinken has said, for example, that the  Taliban ``does not meet the test of inclusivity.'' It is as if the  Biden administration is more concerned that the Taliban is led by men  than that it is led by terrorists.   This administration has refused to declare that the Taliban is a  foreign terrorist organization, perhaps because the President  outsourced the security of American citizens to the Taliban last month  and stood by as it took over a country of nearly 40 million people.   Once again, the Biden administration is putting image, public  relations, before everything else. It refuses to acknowledge that the  Afghan retreat was anything but an ``extraordinary success,'' as Joe  Biden has called it. And now it is refusing to call terrorists  ``terrorists.''   But the truth is obvious. If the Taliban isn't a foreign terrorist  organization, what is? The State Department's terrorism list includes  groups like Shining Path, the Marxist-Leninist-Maoist guerillas in  Peru, and Aum Shinrikyo, the Japanese doomsday cult.   If the State Department can go to the trouble of designating those  groups as terrorist organizations, surely they can do the same for a  band of jihadists whose hands are dripping with American blood.   Indeed, the Taliban matches to a tee the definition for foreign  terrorist organization under U.S. law. That law sets out three  criteria: First, it must be a foreign organization. I would assume the  Biden administration would  [[Page S6565]]  concede even that point about the Taliban. Second, it must engage in  terrorist activity. Has the Taliban engaged in terrorist activity?  Countless victims of Taliban suicide bombings, targeted assassinations,  IEDs, and acid attacks would surely answer yes to that question, if  they survived those heinous crimes.   Consider the following as well: At least 14 of the Taliban's 33 so- called cabinet ministers are on the United Nations' sanctions list for  terrorism. No fewer than five were once held with terrorists at  Guantanamo Bay.   One of the most powerful factions of the Taliban is the murderous  Haqqani Network--a twisted clan that the United States has already  designated a terrorist organization under the Obama administration.   The Taliban has put the leader of the Haqqani Network in charge of  the country's secret police and, yes, its immigration system, which is  currently determining which persons can leave the country.   Sirajuddin Haqqani is one of America's most-wanted terrorists for  attacking the U.S. Embassy in Kabul and hotels full of civilians, among  other crimes.   It is also worth noting that the son of the Taliban's leader and so- called emir blew himself up in a suicide attack against the Afghan  Government in 2017. Evidently, he thought the Taliban was a terrorist  organization, even if some around Washington shrink from that label.   Finally, the third criterion for a foreign terrorist organization is  that its terrorism must threaten the security of Americans or our  national security.   With an estimated 100 Americans and thousands of green card holders  currently trapped in Taliban-occupied Afghanistan, I would say the  answer to that question is also obvious. It would still be obvious even  if we didn't face an active hostage situation since the Taliban still  provides safe haven to al-Qaida, who murdered thousands of Americans on  September 11, 2001.   Despite the Taliban's empty promises that it would never again help  al-Qaida, a recent United Nations report found that ``the Taliban and  al-Qaida remain closely aligned and show no indication of breaking  ties.'' Al-Qaida continues to pledge allegiance to the Taliban, and its  regional affiliate even operates under the Taliban banner in Kandahar.  Now, that is a national security threat to America, if there ever was  one.   So, to summarize, the Taliban is run by terrorists, it associates  with terrorists, and it engages in terrorism. The Biden  administration's refusal to call a spade a spade is a grave insult to  the memory of the Taliban's victims and the tens of thousands of  Americans who fought against it. It is worth remembering how many  American lives the Taliban took, how many American warriors they  maimed, and how many families they have shattered. That is terrorism.   So I will be asking unanimous consent for my bill, which would  require Secretary Blinken to call the Taliban what they are--not a  potential partner for Joe Biden, not a threat to inclusivity, but a  terrorist organization.   Therefore, Madam President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of S. 2770, which is at the desk; I further ask that the  bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I share my colleague's grave concerns  about the humanitarian disaster in Afghanistan. I share his concerns  about the fate of Americans and green card holders and their families  and Afghans who fought alongside our troops who were also left behind  in Afghanistan. Both of these crises--the humanitarian crisis and the  crisis of Americans left behind Taliban enemy lines--are the  responsibility of Joe Biden for his hapless, disorganized, chaotic  execution of the withdrawal from that country.   I yield the floor.   