 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma for  yielding.   All of us just still are speechless about what happened last  Wednesday. It is just amazing that it happened here, and I condemn it  in the utmost words as a violent act against the Capitol Building. We  must find those who did it, and we must prosecute them to the fullest  extent of the law.   Every time I travel to Washington, the first thing I look for, as I  did today, is if I could see it from my airplane window or if I could  see it driving across the Potomac, the dome. I always feel pride that  the people of the Second District of Kentucky, Mr. Speaker, allow me to  serve under the dome.   When I got here today, it is still here. It is still standing. It is  still the beacon throughout the world. It is bruised, but it is there.  It is something that we all hold dear.   The protection of this building, that dome, this building, the office  buildings but, most importantly, the people who work here, not those of  us who are just elected to be here but those of us who work here and in  service, I have faces I have talked to tonight on the floor that--I was  not on the floor when it happened, but I knew the faces of the people  who were, not just my colleagues, but those standing at the doors here  tonight, Mr. Speaker, who have been through so much.   We can't let this happen again. If we defeat the PQ, the amendment my  friend from Oklahoma has is a bipartisan commission to examine the  circumstances and the attack, as well as its aftermath.   It will be modeled after 9/11 Commission to reduce duplication and  increase communication and info-sharing between relevant government  entities and law enforcement. The goal is to investigate, find the  facts, and deliver reports so this can never happen again, and so we  can better protect the Capitol complex and, most importantly, the  employees that work here, serving our great country. We will protect  them moving forward.   We all want answers, and this is the most prudent step at this time.  We will follow wherever the facts lead us and take appropriate actions  in response.   I urge the defeat of the PQ and the adoption of the amendment.   