 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to bring attention to the  serious humanitarian crisis at our southern border. Right now, as we  speak, thousands of children have entered the United States illegally  and sit in crowded detention centers wrapped up in emergency blankets,  hundreds, even thousands, of miles away from home. They are without  their families and without their parents. Many of them have been  trafficked and have been physically and sexually abused along the way.   U.S. Customs and Border Protection reported that just last month  alone, 29,792 unaccompanied children came across our border, including  2,942 children under the age of 12. All of these children came here  without their parents, and they have come here in large numbers because  they know that President Biden is promising them amnesty.   The illegal immigrants coming across our southern border right now  are not just children. President Biden's Secretary of Homeland  Security, Alejandro Mayorkas, has said: ``We are on pace to encounter  more individuals on the southwest border than we have in the last 20  years.''   In February, more than 100,000 illegal immigrants came across our  southern  [[Page S1737]]  border, according to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, which is 3  times the number of illegal immigrants who came through the southern  border in February of 2019, and it is almost 6 times the number of  illegal immigrants who came through our southern border in February of  2018.   The Biden administration refuses to call this a crisis, but that is  what it is. We have a humanitarian crisis, and we also have a security  crisis.   Of the over 100,000 illegal immigrants who came here in February, 71  percent of them are single adults, according to the Pew Research  Center.   The Biden administration's policy has been to welcome these illegal  immigrants and to halt or slow deportations as much as possible. When  Joe Biden became President, he immediately halted construction of the  border wall. He ended the ``Remain in Mexico'' policy, an incredible  foreign policy victory President Trump negotiated with Mexico, which  stipulated that illegal immigrants from Central America crossing  illegally through Mexico to seek asylum in the United States would stay  in Mexico during the pendency of their proceedings. President Biden  ended that, ripping apart that international agreement, and, instead,  he reinstated the failed policy of catch-and-release.   So now when we apprehend illegal immigrants, we let them go,  including illegal immigrants who are criminals and who are convicted  criminals guilty of violent crimes. President Biden's political  decisions have produced a crisis and a crisis that is growing.   What the Biden administration has made clear in the last 2 months is  that their priority is illegal immigrants and not American citizens.  That is why, in just a moment, I am going to propound a unanimous  consent request that the Senate pass Kate's Law. Kate's Law is named  for Kate Steinle, who was 32 years old when she was tragically killed  on a San Francisco peer by an illegal immigrant who had several felony  convictions and had been deported from the United States not once, not  twice, not three times, not even four times. He had been deported five  times. By the revolving door of our border, this violent criminal kept  being deported, and he kept coming back, and he kept coming back, and  he kept coming back. And beautiful Kate Steinle was shot and killed  because of our broken immigration system.   Kate's Law is commonsense legislation. It would amend Federal law to  impose a mandatory minimum sentence of 5 years for any illegal reentry  offense. Kate's Law is critical to ensuring that illegal immigrants who  have been deported, especially those with violent criminal records, are  deterred from repeatedly entering the country illegally over and over  and over again. If the illegal immigrant, violent criminal wh killed  Kate Steinle had been in prison for illegally entering the United  States the fifth time, Kate would still be here today.    I have had the opportunity to meet Kate Steinle's family. They don't  understand why our system is broken. They don't understand why we keep  letting in violent, criminal, illegal aliens over and over and over  again. And I will tell you, the American people--roughly 80 percent of  Americans--agree with Kate's Law. This is commonsense legislation.   We are about to see a Democrat object to it because today's  Democratic Party doesn't care what the American people say. But if this  were in the realm of sanity, Kate's Law would pass 100 to nothing.  Look, we can have disagreements about legal immigration, about what the  rules are, but when it comes to violent, criminal, illegal aliens who  enter the country illegally over and over and over again, it ought to  be real simple. We ought to be able to come together as Democrats and  Republicans and say: All right, let's draw the line there. We don't  need more murderers in America.   I have spent a lot of time down in the valley and at the Texas  border. I have spent a lot of time with agents from the Border Patrol.  Tomorrow, I am going back to the border to see for myself what the  conditions are like right now. I am leading a delegation of 17 other  Senators, and we are going to go talk to Customs and Border Patrol  agents. We are going to meet with CBP leadership. We are going to meet  with law enforcement and community leaders. We are going to tour the  detention facilities directly.   Now, you may not see that on TV because the Biden administration is  refusing to allow the press to see the facilities. For 4 years,  Democrats went on and on and on about kids in cages. Now, those cages  were built by Barack Obama, and they are bigger and fuller under Joe  Biden. And the Biden administration doesn't want you to see the Biden  cages. So they have declared a media blackout, that reporters are not  allowed.   The Trump administration allowed the media to go to the border. The  Obama administration allowed the media to go to the border. The Bill  Clinton administration allowed the media to go to the border. The  George W. Bush administration allowed the media to go to the border.  But Joe Biden wants to cover up the crisis that his administration has  created, and it is a crisis that, sadly, Senate Democrats are complicit  in creating as well.   We have yet to have a single Senate Democrat willing to break with  the Biden administration on the unfolding humanitarian crisis on the  border. The worse it gets, the more kids who are abused, the more kids  who are assaulted, the more Americans who are put at risk of COVID, and  the more Americans who are put at risk of violent crime. At some point,  I hope and pray we will see Senate Democrats willing to say: Enough is  enough. It is time to stop being angry partisans, and it is time to  come together with common sense and protect the American citizens.   For that reason, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further  consideration of S. 890, and that the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration; further, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President.    Madam President, I appreciate the warm sentiments of the  Senator from New Mexico, but the American people can distinguish the  difference between talk and action.   The Senator from New Mexico suggested that all Democrats support  holding criminals to account. I would suggest the facts are precisely  to the contrary.   Just 2 weeks ago, on the floor of this body, we introduced an  amendment to provide that $1,400 government stimulus checks should not  go to criminals currently in prison. Every single Senate Democrat voted  against that. That amendment failed by one vote. If even one Democrat  had said ``OK, that is reasonable,'' it would have passed.   Yesterday, I introduced multiple unanimous consent requests to stop  money from going to convicted criminals in prison and to send the money  instead to the Crime Victims Fund. A Democrat objected.   I then said: All right, if you don't want to do all criminals, how  about murderers? Can we agree, if you were convicted of homicide, if  you killed somebody, let's not send you a government check; let's send  it to the Crime Victims Fund? The Democrats objected.   I said: All right, how about rapists? The Democrats objected.   I said: How about child molesters? Surely, we can all agree child  molesters are not worthy of a $1,400 taxpayer government bonus given by  the Democrats. The Democrats objected.   So with all due respect to my friend from New Mexico, it is not the  case that Democrats support holding prisoners to account.   Today, in the Rules Committee, the Democrats are pushing forward an  election bill, the Corrupt Politicians Act, which would allow every  felon in America who has been released from prison to vote. It would  allow murderers to vote, rapists to vote, child molesters to vote. So  it is not the case that Democrats are willing to stand up to violent  crime.   Now, there are a couple of things that the Senator from New Mexico  said that I wrote down. He said the only thing he disagreed with was  ``the assertion that immigrants are inherently criminal.'' Well, I  challenge anyone watching this exchange to read the transcript.   I am glad he disagrees with that assertion. That assertion never came  from my mouth. I am the son of an immigrant who came from Cuba. We are  a nation of immigrants. I am not remotely asserting that immigrants are  inherently criminal. There is a right way to come, and that is to come  legally.   But case law isn't about immigrants generally; it only applies to  criminals. It is immigrants that have a criminal conviction, that have  an aggravated felony conviction. So when my friend from New Mexico says  that we need to focus on felons--and he closed his remarks with the  following: ``We need to go after criminals and felons, not children and  families''--the case law does exactly that.   If the Senator from New Mexico believes the words he said, the next  words out of his mouth would not have been ``I object.'' By virtue of  objecting, he prevented us from, in a bipartisan way, going after  criminals and felons. Case law is targeted at those criminals and  felons. It is not targeted at kids; it is targeted at criminals and  felons.   I would ask the Senator from New Mexico and every Senate Democrat:  What would you say to Kate Steinle's family? I have heard them testify  in the Senate Judiciary Committee. I have visited with them personally.  If you were looking them in the eyes, what would you say to a system  where Kate Steinle's murderer was deported five times--multiple  criminal convictions?   I am the original author of Kate's Law. We have voted on this on the  Senate floo multiple times. Every time we have voted, every single  Democratic Senator has voted against Kate's Law. You don't get to vote  against Kate's Law, you don't get to vote against stopping violent  criminals from repeatedly entering the country illegally, and then  claim you are against violent criminals repeatedly entering the country  illegally.    Actions mean more than words, and, unfortunately, the actions of  today's Democratic Party are extreme and out of touch with the American  people we were elected to represent.   I yield the floor.   