 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  the need for integrity in our elections.   As I stand here, you know, prices are rising at the pump, and prices  are rising at the grocery store. Inflation is the highest it has been  basically since the financial crisis 13 years ago.   The number of unfilled jobs is at a record high for our Nation. Small  businesses, certainly in my home State in Wyoming and all across the  country, have ``help wanted'' signs up; they can't find workers. Some  are worried they may have to shut down forever.   We also have a crisis at the southern border. There is a lot  happening in America today. Half a million illegal immigrants have  crossed our border since Joe Biden took the oath of office to become  President of the United States. Now, these are just the illegal  immigrants whom we know about.   Since Joe Biden became President, we have seized over 3,200 pounds of  fentanyl at our southern border. That is enough fentanyl to kill every  man, woman, and child living in America today. That is just one  category of drugs, and these are the drugs that we know about. Just  imagine what has come into the country that we don't know about.   Yet, despite the critics and the crisis--President Biden has created  a crisis, and Democrats, certainly in this body, refuse to raise a  finger to bring the crisis to an end. Instead, it seems that the  Democrats are focused on only one thing and one thing alone, and that  is seizing more power.   We are told Democrats are going to bring a bill to the floor next  week on election takeover in America. Now, the majority leader already  knows that this bill cannot pass the U.S. Senate. It will not pass  because he doesn't even have the support for the votes in his own  caucus, and that is because the bill is radical, it is extreme, it is  dangerous, and it is scary. It is actually a Federal takeover of  elections in America.   Under the Constitution, the times, places, and manner of holding  elections is generally up to the States. This bill would flip the  constitutional order and flip it upside down and put Congress and  Washington in charge of elections, not each of our individual States.  It would effectively repeal the election laws in all 50 States.   This Democratic takeover attempt is over 800 pages in length, over  800 pages of mandates. Every page of the bill has one thing in common:  makes it easier to cheat. Makes it easier to cheat in elections.   For example, the bill would register people to vote automatically,  whether they wanted to be registered or not. Automatic registration.  Take everyone they have in databases throughout a State and sign them  up.   Now, under this bill, anyone who interacted with a State government  would then be registered to vote. Well, this includes a lot of people  who aren't legally entitled to vote because they are not U.S. citizens.  So these are obviously people who would not be eligible to vote.  Doesn't matter to Democrats--register them anyway. Maybe it is just a  coincidence that Democrats opened our border before pushing this  election takeover, where everybody in a database in a State is  registered to vote. Maybe it is not a coincidence.   The bill also endorses something called ballot harvesting. That is  where paid political operatives can go door to door and collect  hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands of ballots--other people's  ballots--and then they get to decide which ballots they are going to  turn in. No supervision. No accountability. None. These activists could  destroy, tamper, or lose ballots. These activists could do just that.  No one would ever know.   Additionally, the bill would force taxpayers to pay for political  campaigns. For every small political donation, taxpayers would pay and  kick in an additional $6--$6 kicked in by the taxpayers for every $1 of  small-dollar donations raised. Much of it is raised online. This is an  invitation to money laundering. Activists could spread out donations to  get free taxpayer money.   One of my colleagues in the Senate on the Republican side of the  aisle looked at this and said: ``Gee.'' Based on fundraising that he  has done online, he would be entitled to a check from the government  for $30 million. Taxpayers don't want to put that kind of taxpayer  dollar behind any candidate, whether they are Republican or Democrat.   Democrats sit here and they claim they want less money in politics.  Yet every several years--every 2 years, they outspend the Republicans.  Now they want taxpayers to add to the money they are spending. Well,  political activists have plenty of money already. They don't need  additional taxpayer dollars.   Finally, this bill would ban voter ID. That means when you go to vote  and you ask for a ballot--this is what voter ID is. You go to vote, you  ask for a ballot, and you have to show an identification card that  proves you are who you say you are. Democrats have been trying to  eliminate that one for a long, long time. Democrats claim that asking  for identification is racist.   The idea that people can't get an ID is absurd. It is condescending.  ID is required to check into a hotel. It is required to order a beer at  a bar. It is required to buy a pack of cigarettes. It is required to  get on an airplane--any airline in America. Voting is a lot more  important than any of these things. It is the foundation of our entire  system of government. We ought to make it safe, and we ought to make it  secure.   During the committee process, Democrats had a chance to fix the bill.  Senator Hyde-Smith from Mississippi said that she would like to take a  look at this bill and use the campaign funding instead to help rural  hospitals, instead of this matching money of 6 to 1 to candidates. Oh,  no. Democrats didn't want any part of that. They want the money.   Senator Fischer and Senator Hagerty said that we should delay the  date the bill would go into effect. That would prevent a conflict of  interest for the Democrats who vote for it, because, in a sense, the  Democrats who vote for it would be getting the money themselves.  Democrats said: No. No. We want the money.   Senator Hyde-Smith and Senator Cruz also tried to remove this ban on  voter ID from the bill. Democrats said: Nope. People can show up, say  whoever they want to say they are, and get a ballot.   Democrats deny the existence of voter fraud. They claim no  irregularities ever happen--not in their elections. So then why are  they trying to repeal or eliminate or take over every State voting law  in the country?   Truth is, there is a problem with our elections today. Yet the  Democratic  [[Page S4540]]  bill would make these problems even worse.   A majority of the public says they don't want future elections to  look like the last one--special situation, a pandemic. They don't want  future elections to look like the last one. The American people want  security, and they want integrity. We want to trust that our elections  are fair.   That is why I have joined Senator Scott of Florida, Senator Hyde- Smith, and Senator Lummis to introduce a bill specifically to give  people more confidence in our elections. It is called the Save  Democracy Act. Our bill bans vote harvesting. It bans automatic  registration. It requires at least a Social Security number to register  to vote.   Under our bill, States can't just send out ballots in the mail based  on old information. People could still vote by mail, as they do in my  home State of Wyoming; they would just need to request a ballot. They  wouldn't get a ballot automatically in the mail; they would have to  request a ballot so that we know their information is up-to-date. These  are the kind of commonsense protections that our elections need. Our  bill makes it actually harder to cheat, not easier. The Democrat's bill  makes it easier to cheat.    At a time like this, when prices are too high, hiring is too low, the  U.S. Senate has important work to do, the things that we hear about  when we go home on weekends: What does it cost for gas? What does it  cost for groceries? What does it cost to fill up your car?   The American people want us to work on these bread-and-butter issues  that affect their daily lives. They don't want this partisan power grab  that is going to be voted on in the Senate next week. They also don't  want the Senate wasting time on bills that cannot pass.   It is time for the Democrats and the Democratic leader to focus on  what the American people are asking us to focus on: bring down  inflation, stop paying people more to not work than they would make if  they were working, secure our southern border, and leave our elections  alone. That is what I hear at home, and I know that many of the Members  are hearing the exact same thing as we work here to focus on what  should be the future of a better, more prosperous America, not a one- sided America, with a domination of elections based on a law to make it  easier to cheat.   I yield the floor.   