 Madam President, throughout my career, I have been  proud to amplify the voices of freedom fighters around the world, brave  men and women working to secure the blessings of liberty that we enjoy  here in America. And I have repeatedly shone a floodlight on the  oppressive regimes that stand in their way. I have championed the pro- democracy movement in Burma, the brave advocates for freedom in Hong  Kong.   Right now, the loudest cries for liberty are coming from pretty close  to home. After enduring 60-plus years of socialist tyranny just 90  miles from American soil, the people of Cuba are telling the world they  have had enough--had enough. They have had enough of a regime that has  stolen their dreams for decades. They have had enough of its  stranglehold on information and on prosperity. They have had enough of  its intimidation and its repression.   The past week's demonstration in the streets of Havana should  represent a major turning point in the Cuban people's movement toward  liberation. The regime's failed communist ideology has saddled  generations of Cubans with a backward economy, inadequate services, and  no means of justice or dissent.   Now, some naive Americans on the left seem intent on once again  running interference for the Cuban regime. They still buy the  propaganda that Cuba is a socialist paradise--paradise--with a model  healthcare and education system that we should actually emulate. But  the Cuban people see a different reality: an open-air prison that  communism has run right into the ground.   Since the 1950s, the blight of Castro rule has driven many Cubans to  flee to the United States. Generations of immigrants and their  descendants have lived out and are living out American dreams of  prosperity, achievement, and service. We are blessed to call them  fellow Americans.   As Senator Rubio put it so well this week, ``The only country on this  planet where Cubans are not successful is Cuba.''   My hometown of Louisville is actually home to one of the largest  Cuban-American populations in any American city outside of Florida. In  recent days, this vibrant community has rallied by the hundreds in  support of Cuban protesters. As one of these fellow Kentuckians of mine  put it, ``The only voice they have is us.''   The brave men and women who have taken to the streets in Cuba are  demanding freedoms they have been denied their entire lives. They  deserve our strong support. I am proud to cosponsor a new resolution  with Senator Rubio and several other colleagues to communicate  precisely that.   