 Madam Speaker, it is with wariness and a certain  unhealthy, morbid curiosity that I watch the beast attempt to devour  President Donald J. Trump again. The craving to crush President Trump  has never been satisfied--not through investigations, not through false  allegations, and not even through an impeachment that was wholly  without merit.   And the timing of this impeachment makes little sense. Your candidate  will take office in a few hours, and President Trump will relinquish  the levers of power to President-elect Biden.   Your craving was never a Biden victory, nor was it even a Trump  defeat. You believe that your hunger will be finally satiated by  impeaching this President without completion of his full term of  office. You don't merely seek victory, but you seek obliteration of  your nemesis.   The thirst for Trump's destruction will not be slaked, however, even  if you are successful today and were the Senate to convict President  Trump. Yours will be a Pyrrhic victory, for, instead of stopping the  Trump train, his movement will grow stronger, for you will have made  him a martyr.    Surely you are aware of this, and that is why your allies in the  media seek to censor conservative voices.   Your chums who sit on the boards of corporate America--yes, the same  companies that the left vilifies--promise to starve Republicans from  receiving their PAC donations.   But I bet that the groundswell of support for President Trump and his  policies will not go away. You see, the movement he started is based on  building an incredibly robust economy on a foundation of lower taxes  and fewer regulations that has the wonderful effect of putting more  people to work than ever. It is built upon a strong military that is  extricated from endless wars. It provides border security, America- first trade agreements, Mideast peace and stability. Those are the  things the American people want.   Your 4-year appetite will be temporarily assuaged while you will, no  doubt, continue to chase after leaders of this movement, but your  appetite will be unfulfilled.   I urge you, please, do not--and I am mixing metaphors here--attempt  to douse the remaining burning embers of this movement with gasoline.  No one wants that. I urge you, please, to reconsider the reckless  action in which you engage today.   