 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. I am here  to speak in favor of S.J. Res. 14, a resolution I co-led with  Representatives DeGette and Lamb.   We need to address methane emissions for several reasons, and today,  I want to mention three.   First, controlling methane is the single most important immediate  step we can take to combat climate change, and that is because methane  is a super-pollutant responsible for about 25 percent of the man-made  warming we experience today. This is the low-hanging fruit in climate  mitigation.   My Republican colleagues never miss a chance--and you will hear this  today--to point out that the natural gas revolution has contributed to  our historic energy independence and cut our carbon dioxide emissions  from energy production. That is right, but there is still a problem,  and that problem is fugitive methane emissions.   While burning natural gas can lower CO2 emissions by as  much as 40 to 50 percent versus burning coal, almost all of that  benefit, from a climate change perspective, is wiped out even with  small leaks of methane, which we have today. Put simply, to reap the  climate benefits of natural gas, which are often touted, we have to  address methane emissions.   Second, controlling methane is critical to the economic  competitiveness of the U.S. natural gas industry. We should say thanks  to the oil and gas industry when they do the right thing, but let's not  fool ourselves by thinking that they are doing this because they are  altruists. They are doing this because this is important to  competitiveness. They are doing this because this makes American oil  and gas more competitive. The reason is that world markets and domestic  politics will not tolerate natural gas as a so-called bridge fuel  unless the industry can prove, with real credibility and transparency,  that it has fixed its methane problem.   It is increasingly apparent that the viability of exporting U.S.  liquefied natural gas, or LNG, depends on American policies to address  methane pollution.    Three of the largest LNG importers in the world, South Korea, Japan,  and the European Union, have set goals to reduce emissions to net-zero  by mid-century. These nations will demand verifiably clean gas from the  United States.   On top of this, investors are increasingly putting pressure on  financial institutions and demanding climate-smart investment  portfolios. Natural gas will solely be seen as a climate risk and not  as a climate opportunity if methane leaks persist.   We saw this recently in the cancellation by France of a deal for  liquefied natural gas from Brownsville, $7 billion over 20 years.  Ultimately, they were able to put that back together, but this is a  sign of what is to come. If we don't get it right here, it is going to  hurt business.  [[Page H3143]]    They all sounded like businesses to me, what Ms. DeGette talked  about. I am not from Texas or Oklahoma, but I have heard of Exxon, and  I have heard of the American Petroleum Institute. If they are for it,  it says something about where business is, what they think about  competitiveness.   Third, U.S. companies can lead the world in developing technologies  to monitor and reduce methane emissions. Dealing with climate change is  a science project. It is not a jobs program, but it does create a lot  of jobs.   Seventy-five percent of the manufacturing firms and 88 percent of  service firms in the sector report that they would create more jobs if  the national methane standards were reinstated.   And the starting salary for methane mitigation jobs is nearly 10  percent higher than the national average salary and can pay up to  $140,000 a year.   These companies represent the best of American innovation, creating  economic opportunity and tackling global challenges at the same time.   Today, we in Congress can soundly reject one of the most  irresponsible environmental rollbacks of the prior administration. We  can restore robust methane pollution standards, and we can clear a path  for stronger protections in the future.   I am proud to be a co-lead on this resolution. I encourage my  colleagues to vote ``yes.'' This is a win-win-win for climate, public  health, and U.S. industry.    Mr. Speaker, I just want to respond to a couple things I  heard.   One is this tip of the iceberg idea that we are doing something  beyond methane by doing this. Of course, that is not how it works  around here. The laws are specifically written around what we are  doing. We are only voting on this. I can tell you that if we were doing  more than this, we might get a different response from the oil and gas  industry than we have seen. That is not a real argument.   The other thing is that this is somehow cooked up by the Biden  administration as a way to undercut oil and gas. Again, I want to go  through all of the names that Ms. DeGette went through of the companies  and organizations that support this regulation, but it is hard to argue  that the American Petroleum Institute is anything other than American.   It is also hard to argue, even with a company that is based someplace  else, that they would be arguing to burden, as it is characterized,  their United States operations with these regulations. There would be  no incentive for them to do that, no matter where the corporate  headquarters is based.   The fact is that these companies see this as a way to be competitive,  and it is not unprecedented. One thing we did on the committee last  term that became part of the year-end spending plan was the American  Innovation and Manufacturers Act, which regulated HFCs. If you recall,  the industry supported the institution of standards around HFCs so that  it could compete successfully with manufacturers around the world that  are building from the same standards.   It was actually helpful for them to have a uniform standard that they  could innovate around, and that is why Republicans and Democrats  supported that and it became part of a bipartisan end-of-year package.  We are in the same situation here where businesses are saying, set a  standard here.   Don't tell us that we are going to get one set of regulations, by the  way, in Colorado, and virtually no regulations in Texas. We are not  being duplicative at all. What we are doing is setting a standard.  Let's set a Federal standard. Let's do it at the request of the  industry and with the cooperation of the industry to make sure we get  it right.   And I guess the other remarkable thing that is implied by all of this  discussion is that we are talking about regulating methane out of oil  and gas production. No one is talking about banning oil and gas. We  wouldn't have to be talking about methane at all if we were talking  about that. In fact, we are trying to take oil and gas and get it  right, to get it competitive, and get it to be climate-friendly for our  future generations.   So I thought that the one glaring omission from my colleagues'  arguments is: How do you explain so much support from American oil and  gas companies for this regulation?   I wouldn't suggest that it is unanimous. I would say probably it is  not. But to dismiss it is really, I think, missing the point. And I  think it is obvious that this industry sees this as an advantage in  terms of competitiveness going forward, as Mr. Lamb said as well.   