 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 508, I rise to  offer amendments en bloc No. 1.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this en bloc amendment, which  provides for the consideration of 42 amendments. The amendments  contained in this en bloc touch upon various policy areas in the base  bill.   The surface transportation amendments include: increasing funding for  the National Scenic Byways Program; creating a climate-safe  infrastructure working group to prepare transportation infrastructure  for the effects of climate change; requiring a GAO report to Congress  on access to nonemergency medical transportation for disadvantaged  populations; requiring the Secretary of Transportation to submit a  report to Congress on the Disadvantaged Business Enterprise Program;  and ensuring underserved communities are considered in the expansion of  electric vehicle charging infrastructure.   These are just some of the highlights of the amendments included. I  thank my colleagues for offering such thoughtful amendments to improve  the surface transportation portions of the INVEST in America Act, and I  urge adoption of the amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode  Island (Mr. Langevin).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Jones).    Mr. Speaker, I would just note for my colleague's  edification the strong role that the Federal Government and national  lab system played in the very energy innovation that he was mentioning  in his remarks. It was not done by the private sector alone.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Torres).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Massachusetts (Mr. Auchincloss).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time is  remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Wisconsin (Ms. Moore).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New  York (Ms. Ocasio-Cortez).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McNerney).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas  (Mrs. Fletcher).    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close whenever the  gentleman from Louisiana is prepared to close. I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, just kind of wrapping up everyone's comments  today, I think that this bill is a significant down payment on the  future that we are all working toward.   The reality of American history is that the government often works  together with businesses to stimulate investments and speed up new  markets.  [[Page H3532]]  That is what we are trying to do in this bill. That has been true in  natural gas; it has been true in public transportation; and it is true  in electric vehicles. And that is what this bill is about.   We are very proud to offer all of these amendments, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I will try to do it in 30 seconds.   The bulk of our emissions reduction has come from the transition from  coal to natural gas. Most of the critical science that is behind the  shale revolution was developed within the national lab system,  particularly at the National Energy Technology Laboratory, proudly  located in western Pennsylvania.   Of course, private-sector innovation played a huge role, but there  were many key scientific advances that would not have been possible  without Federal investment paid for by this very Congress.   That is how we are responsible for many of the emissions reductions  that have taken place and that will continue to take place in the  future.    Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 508, I rise to  offer amendments en bloc No. 2.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of these amendments en bloc, which  provide for the consideration of 21 amendments sponsored by Members on  both sides of the aisle.   The amendments contained in this en bloc amend various divisions of  the bill. These amendments include granting the Secretary of  Transportation the authority to reset interest rates on certain  existing TIFIA loans for borrowers impacted by COVID-19.   Banning the interstate and international transportation of horses  bound to be slaughtered for human consumption.   Allowing States to use their National Highway Traffic Safety  Administration grants to educate the public on the safe and proper use  of passenger vehicle trailers.   Establishing a new grant program for culvert restoration programs  that improve or restore passage for anadromous fish.   Ensuring that Federal funds administered through the TIFIA program  are  [[Page H3537]]  protected by adequate payment and performance security requirements.   Increasing the Tribal Transportation Program safety set-aside.   Codifying the Rural Opportunities to Use Transportation for Economic  Success initiative, a DOT program to help rural communities and Indian  Tribes.   Authorizing a competitive grant program for States and localities to  educate the public on the dangers of drugged driving.   Directing the Comptroller General to study threats facing the U.S.  transportation system from ransomware and other cybersecurity threats.   Reauthorizing certain national heritage areas set to expire at the  end of fiscal year 2021.   Establishing the Western Riverside County National Wildlife Refuge.   Establishing clear Clean Water Act permit limits for the discharge  from PFAS chemicals.   And prohibiting industrial dischargers from secretly using our  network of sewers as dumping grounds for these harmful and persistent  chemicals.   I look forward to hearing further discussion of these amendments from  the various sponsors. I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  for offering these amendments to improve the INVEST in America Act, and  I urge adoption of the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Washington (Mr. Kilmer).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Washington (Ms. Schrier).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Carter).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Johnson).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Oregon (Mr. Blumenauer).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Oregon.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North  Carolina (Mr. Butterfield).    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I  simply rise again to encourage my colleagues to support amendments en  bloc No. 2, and I yield back the balance of my time.   