 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, today's bill is nothing more than a Trojan horse. It is  a facade to lure everyone into opening a door for Speaker Pelosi's real  priority, a $3.5 trillion or more tax-and-spend plan.   This is unfortunate, because like infrastructure bills of the past, a  bipartisan process was very possible.   The Senate's infrastructure bill includes some good provisions for  improving our infrastructure, but the process leading up to today and  the lack of input from the House should have everyone concerned.   We are establishing a terrible precedent when we take away the  ability of chairs and ranking members to write or influence a bill of  this magnitude.   Today's debate structure tells the real story. In what world is 1  hour of debate on a $1.2 trillion package sufficient?   Not a single member in this Chamber, on either side of the aisle, has  had any input whatsoever in this bill as it was being negotiated in the  Senate because Speaker Pelosi's partisan path boxed the House out of  the entire process.   House Republicans were eager to work on infrastructure, especially on  a bipartisan, long-term highway bill for programs that expire just a  few days from now.   In fact, my Republican colleagues and I introduced the STARTER Act  and made and outlined priorities we had hoped to address through a  bipartisan process.   The STARTER Act proposed record levels of investment in our roads and  bridges and, more importantly, made commonsense changes to improve the  project delivery process, including reforming the outdated NEPA  process.   However, we were very clear that any package that got too large, too  expensive, or too costly would get no Republican support.   But instead of working across the aisle to develop a bipartisan House  bill that could be conferenced with the Senate, the Speaker hijacked  the process to hold infrastructure hostage for the $3.5 trillion or  more socialist spending spree the progressives want to ram through  using budget reconciliation.   Under their plan, the American people will bear the brunt of this  unfettered spending.   Inflation has gone up in every single month of this administration,  and it is having the biggest impact on low-income and middle-class  families.   Gas prices are up by more than 42 percent from last year. Bacon is up  17 percent. Beef is up 12 percent. Eggs are up 10 percent. The list  goes on and on.   Meanwhile, wage growth is lagging, which means paychecks are  stretched thinner, making it that much harder for families to put  dinner on the table and pay their bills.   The President promised not to raise taxes on the lower and middle  classes, but Americans know full well that inflation is taxation. This  hidden tax is hitting families' checkbooks very hard.   But instead of slamming the brakes on this reckless spending, the  majority is racing towards more and doubling down on their spending  spree.   For example, over the last year, transit has already received five  times the funding it typically gets in one year, and people aren't even  using it. Despite that fact, transit stands to get even more in this  bill and through reconciliation.   Worse still, this duplicative spending represents another broken  promise by the President, who agreed not to use reconciliation to  revisit funding already addressed in the infrastructure bill.   All in all, these numbers are downright frightening. They scare me,  and I know they scare the farmers and the small business owners. They  scare hardworking constituents across my district who know they will  pay for it in higher taxes and higher prices due to inflation.   A recent poll showed that 6 out of 10 Americans support pumping the  brakes on the $3.5 trillion or more spending package that is coming on  the heels of today's bill. I truly hope the growing skepticism amongst  congressional Democrats about that package is enough to bring it to a  halt.   But the fact remains that the infrastructure bill we are debating  today is not the real priority for the Speaker and the progressives in  the majority.   This has been a horribly managed process from the outset, and there  was never a legitimate effort to work with Republicans to find common  ground on these historically bipartisan issues.   I have supported all three highway bills that have been signed into  law during my time in Congress, under both Republican and Democrat  Presidents. It might be a surprise to some, but those were all led by  Republican chairmen in the House.   Regardless, I never thought I would see the House simply take up a  major infrastructure bill from the other body and just vote on it with  no input, especially when so many Members of the majority, including  the chairman himself, expressed displeasure with this piece of  legislation.   It begs the question: What is the real motivation here for the  majority to pass this bill?   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Young), the dean of the House and the former  chairman of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. Rodgers), the ranking member of the  Energy and Commerce Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Graves).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Smith), the ranking member of the Budget  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the time  remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman), the ranking member of the  Natural Resources Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from California (Mr. LaMalfa).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Crawford), the  [[Page H5452]]  ranking member of the Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials  Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Burchett).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Perry).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Nehls).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Meuser).   