 Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a voice for all Kansans,  including those who have yet to be born.   Kansans have long valued life. From our entry into the Union as a  free State before the Civil War to the Summer of Mercy in Wichita, the  Sunflower State has been a beacon of hope and freedom for those without  a voice.   In Congress, we should follow the lead of Kansans and recognize the  intrinsic value of human life. Yet, the left continues to push radical  and unscientific policies that end the lives of unborn babies.   What is worse, they want to pay for their abortion-on-demand policies  with your tax dollars, a provision that has wide, bipartisan  opposition. New polling shows that 58 percent of voters and 65 percent  of Independents oppose taxpayer-funded abortion.   The No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act is a no-brainer. Simply put,  we need to save the Hyde amendment. It saved nearly 2.5 million lives.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committees on Energy  and Commerce, Ways and Means, and the Judiciary be discharged from  further consideration of H.R. 18, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.     Mr. Speaker, we should be experiencing one of the greatest  economic booms in our history as we emerge from COVID, yet prices are  climbing, consumer sentiment is plunging, and there are more than nine  million open jobs without workers to fill them. That is the most ever.   In my State of Kansas, we have 3.6 jobs available for every job  seeker. Subsidizing people not to work and spending without restraint  is stalling out this recovery and causing inflation.  [[Page H3122]]    In May, core inflation rose at its fastest pace since 1992. That is  because Democrats' untargeted spending has acted like kindling for  inflation. There is too much money chasing too few goods. Recent  surveys show that 70 percent of Americans are concerned that President  Biden's spending plans could lead to inflation. But if you have filled  up your gas tank recently or entered a grocery store, you know that it  is already there.   Instead of working to quickly reopen and prioritize getting America  back to work, upon entering office, President Biden took his eyes off  the ball and squandered the recovery that President Trump had handed to  him. In the first five months of 2021, the current administration has  added 500,000 fewer jobs than the last 5 months of 2020. President  Biden should be concerned about his economic crisis.   Biden's slow-growth agenda calls for $6 trillion in government  spending with $3 trillion in new taxes. That would crush small and  midsized companies, resulting in far fewer jobs down the road.   One of the most antigrowth policies in President Biden's agenda is  his plan to revert America's business tax rate to one of the worst in  the world again at 28 percent, a move that would return us to the old  tax code that incentivized jobs to be shipped overseas.   Biden's budget even acknowledges that a real recovery isn't their  priority. It only forecasts a meager 2 percent GDP growth by 2023, with  it dropping even lower until 2029.   The American people should contrast Biden's tax-and-spend agenda with  what Republicans have done and are fighting to do. In 2017, we put the  American people first by passing a progrowth tax code while removing  massive amounts of government regulation. That created an economic  atmosphere that enabled wages to grow for historically disadvantaged  workers, brought the unemployment rate down to the lowest in 50 years,  and allowed more people to find jobs in America than at any point in  our history. The income gap was even shrinking as lower income wages  were increasing faster.   We need to get back to that. It is not hard to see the impact that  commonsense, progrowth policies can make. Our focus should be on  filling available jobs and rebuilding our economy, not to line the  pockets of progressive special interest groups with millions in Federal  spending, as Biden's agenda would do. It is hard to ignore that, across  the country today, the six States with the lowest unemployment rates  all have Republican leadership.   Mr. Speaker, President Biden and Speaker Pelosi need to prioritize  economic recovery, not unrestrained government spending.   