 Madam Speaker, I rise today to urge defeat of the  previous question so that we can consider my bill, H.R. 5071, to ensure  no Americans are left behind in Afghanistan.   Over the past week, we have all seen the horrifying images coming out  of Kabul: babies being passed over barbed wire, 2-year-olds trampled to  death, bodies falling from C-17s. These pictures are now forever  painted onto American history. They don't depict the orderly withdrawal  that the President promised. These are, instead, portraits of chaos,  tragedy, and dishonor.   And, yet, the administration assures us a plan for every contingency.  Was the plan for America to give billions of dollars worth of U.S.  military equipment to the Taliban? Was the plan to put terrorists,  effectively, in charge of security around the Kabul airport? Was the  plan to leave over 10,000 American citizens stranded behind enemy  lines?   Madam Speaker, if this was the plan, a plan to surrender so  incompetently and on such ignominious terms, then our country can't  withstand any more of this administration's plans. It is time for this  body, this Congress, to act, to hold the administration accountable and  save lives. This bill would do that by requiring daily reporting to  Congress on the number of Americans left in the country and the number  of Afghan allies that are seeking refuge.   The bill also critically prohibits the President from withdrawing our  forces until all Americans, who want out, are safely out of the  country. Right now, it seems, the President is doubling down on this  August 31 withdraw date, despite strong bipartisan opposition and push  back.   Make no mistake, if we get out on August 31, we are going to condemn  thousands to death. I don't care what secret side deal was struck with  the Taliban, this is America, we don't leave anybody behind. A great  country, such as ours, takes care of our citizens and our allies.   Our enemies are mocking our surrender right now. We have all seen the  images. The Taliban, for example, just mocked the iconic image of  Marines raising the flag over Iwo Jima. It may be too late to save face  because of this debacle, but it is not too late to save lives. This  isn't a news cycle that will blow over. This isn't a narrative that you  can spin. We are talking about American lives, and we are talking about  America's honor.   Madam Speaker, let's act now, before this crisis, and with it,  America's standing in the world deteriorates even further.   