 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator  Murray and I be permitted to complete our remarks prior to the vote for  up to 5 minutes each.    Madam President, today the Senate is going to vote on  the nomination of David Turk, who will be serving as Deputy Secretary  of Energy. If confirmed, he is going to play a critical role in our  Nation's energy agenda and in leading the Department.   His experience in energy policy is extensive. He served in leadership  positions at the International Energy Agency, the U.S. Department of  Energy, the U.S. Department of State, and the National Security  Council. He is an expert in the field, and his qualifications are very  clear.   It is also clear from his nomination hearing that he is dedicated to  all types of American energy. This is critical if we are going to keep  America an energy-dominant nation. I especially appreciated his  commitment to advance nuclear and carbon capture utilization and  sequestration technologies.   During his hearing, he said that there are huge opportunities on  carbon capture utilization and sequestration if we can work together  and really go to scale. He also emphasized the need to construct  CO2 pipelines to move the captured carbon, and I agree.  Carbon capture technologies hold the key to major emission reduction  while enabling America to use the tremendous natural resources with  which we are blessed.   This issue has broad bipartisan support. Last Congress, I worked with  Democrats, including Sheldon Whitehouse and Tom Carper, as well as  Republicans, including Shelley Moore Capito, to pass the USE IT Act  into law. This bipartisan law will support the development of carbon  capture and direct air capture techniques.   This kind of groundbreaking research is already happening in Wyoming.  The Integrated Test Center located outside of Gillette, WY, is hosting  carbon capture research teams today. These research teams are looking  at how we can take captured carbon emissions and transform them into  marketable products like building materials, clothing, and even hand  sanitizer. So I would welcome Mr. Turk and Energy Secretary Granholm to  come to Gillette to see the fantastic research taking place there.   Mr. Turk was also very responsive to the committee's questions for  the record. That has not been the case with every one of President  Biden's nominees so far.   If he is confirmed, Mr. Turk must prioritize policies that take  advantage of the enormous economic and national security benefits  generated by America's oil, natural gas, and coal resources.   The Biden administration has taken a sledgehammer to the economies of  Wyoming and other Western States by declaring war on these natural  resources. Let me be very clear: Coal, oil and natural gas are not  going away. America is going to rely on these resources for decades to  come. We need to use and promote every kind of American energy and the  thousands of jobs that come with them   Coal, oil, natural gas, nuclear power, and renewables are all  essential to America's energy mix. Mr. Turk demonstrated that he  understood that reality during his nomination hearing. He can be sure  that I will hold him to the commitments he made during his nomination  hearing to expand carbon capture as well as nuclear power. I am going  to continue to hold the Biden administration accountable as well.   As I did in committee, I will support Mr. Turk's nomination on the  floor today.   I yield the floor.   