 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, last month, more than 180,000 migrants  crossed our southern border. That is the highest monthly total since  the Clinton administration.  [[Page S4509]]    Unaccompanied children continue to arrive at our border by the tens  of thousands. In the first 5 months of this year, more than 65,000  migrant children crossed our southern border--nearly double the amount  we saw in fiscal year 2020. As bad as things are, things can, and I  predict will, get worse.   The administration is weighing whether this is an appropriate time to  lift title 42, which is a public health order designed to protect from  the spread of the COVID-19 virus, but they have yet to tell us what  transition plans they may have, if any, in transitioning from the  current exclusion of many adult migrants to welcoming those who are  currently excluded or processing them through our immigration courts.   Depending on what the administration decides, the humanitarian crisis  at the border will likely swell even larger this summer. Despite the  clear need for action from Congress, most of our colleagues on the  other side of the aisle have put on blinders. Instead of a bipartisan  effort to eliminate or, I should say, alleviate or mitigate the  humanitarian and security crisis at our border, we have one side  pushing for action and the other side largely staying silent.   The Judiciary Committee of the Senate should be leading the charge to  address this crisis in a fair and humane way. Back in April, Senator  Grassley, the ranking Republican, and I sent a letter to Chairman  Durbin and Subcommittee Chairman Padilla requesting a hearing of either  the full committee or the Immigration Subcommittee on this current  crisis at the border.   Two months and hundreds of thousands of migrants later, they have  simply refused to even hold a hearing.   Last month, the Subcommittee on Border Security and Immigration held  its first hearing, but the topic wasn't on the border crisis. Instead,  the topic was increased numbers of visas for undocumented immigrant  workers. That is a topic we can and should discuss but certainly not  with the looming crisis on the border.   Tomorrow morning, the Senate Judiciary Committee will continue to  ignore this backlog of migrants and this blinking red light that should  warn all of us that this crisis will get nothing but worse.   What is the topic of tomorrow's hearing in the Senate Judiciary  Committee? We are set to hold a hearing on the unserious, House-passed  immigration bill. This legislation stands zero chance of being passed  by the Senate--zero. It combines some of the most radical proposals  from the far left in one massive bill that fails to address the needs  of our country. Rather than discuss the humanitarian crisis at the  border, our Democratic colleagues have chosen to hold a hearing on a  dead-on-arrival bill, and they know it. It is a remarkable show of  priorities.   Tomorrow, I expect we will hear a lot about discussing the Deferred  Action on Childhood Arrival recipients--one of the categories of  undocumented immigrants that would receive a path to citizenship under  this legislation.   I should say that Texas is home to about 100,000 DACA recipients who  are vital parts of our communities. They have grown up with our kids,  attended the same churches, shopped in the same grocery stores, and  defended our freedoms in the U.S. military. They are also a huge driver  of our economy. Ninety-six percent of DACA recipients are either  working or in school, and, on the whole, these young people contribute  more than $400 million a year in State and local taxes in Texas alone.   Despite all the ways these young men and women strengthen our country  and our communities, they have been living in a constant state of  uncertainty about their future. That is because when President Obama  announced this program 9 years ago, he did so through a shortsighted  Executive memorandum rather than engage Congress. That is right. Rather  than rolling up his sleeves and working with Congress to pass long- lasting immigration policy, he chose a path of least resistance that  didn't involve any input from Congress but merely created this with a  stroke of a pen. To say the least, this made things easier for  President Obama in the short run, but it caused a lot of fear--has  caused a lot of fear and uncertainty for these young people in the long  run, and that continues today. They were set unfairly on a yearslong,  tumultuous journey, waiting nervously to see how the courts would weigh  in on the various court challenges that we knew were going to occur.  President Obama knew it as well. So these young DACA recipients have  been left wondering whether they might be deported to a country they  have no memory of and being forced to leave behind the families, the  jobs, and the opportunities they have worked so hard to build here in  the United States.   Many of these young people are in their twenties and thirties now  with careers, families, and plans of their own. The possibility of  being forced to leave the United States is no less terrifying for them  than it would be for anyone who was born here. After years of being  yanked around from court ruling to court ruling, these young men and  women deserve certainty. They deserve to know whether they can apply to  college, grow their families, live their lives, and do all the things  other young Americans can do without this dark cloud hanging over their  plans. After all, they haven't done anything wrong. They were brought  here as children, as minors. And in America, we do not hold children  responsible for the mistakes of adults--in other words, their parents.   That is why I believe we should take action that gives these DACA  recipients the certainty they deserve, and the only way to do that is  through more legislation, not further Executive actions. And I strongly  support that legislative effort. However, massive partisan bills, like  the legislation the House passed this year, is not the answer. I  support DACA recipients because they were brought here at a young age  through no fault of their own, but the American Dream and Promise Act  has completely abandoned this justification in favor of rewarding  recent illegal entries with green cards, even adults who violated our  immigration laws.   If the goal is to provide legal certainty for our DACA recipients as  opposed to making a grand political statement, we need to be realistic  about how we get there. We need to learn from our mistakes of the past,  where we have tried to build big, comprehensive immigration reform  bills only to see them collapse of their own weight, which means we  need to begin working on smaller packages that can gain broad support  and hopefully build trust in the process. I am not suggesting we quit  there, but that is the place we need to start if we have learned from  the lessons of the last 20 years   The American people overwhelmingly support allowing DACA recipients  to remain in the United States, and I believe it is true of a majority  of Members of the Senate. We have to set aside policies we cannot agree  on so we can make progress on the ones we do agree on, and we need to  keep our efforts focused on DACA recipients. If this is a priority for  folks on both sides of the aisle, I hope we will finally be able to get  a bill to the President's desk to help these young people.   More broadly, though, there is no denying our immigration system is  sorely in need of reform. It is outdated; it is inefficient; and it  simply does not meet the needs of our country today. But there is very  little room for those types of conversations until we solve the current  crisis at the border. Once that is under control and our bipartisan  Border Solutions Act, which is the only bicameral, bipartisan bill that  has been introduced--once we solve that problem, I hope we will have a  bipartisan debate about the changes that should be made to our  immigration system, and the DACA recipients are at the top of that  list.   As I said, these young men and women deserve certainty, and Congress  cannot pass legislation to provide that certainty if our Democratic  colleagues and the White House insist on attaching controversial  policies or ignoring the current crisis at the border, as the Biden  administration is appearing to do.   I yield the floor.   