 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, it is a great honor to be part of this Special Order  hour, and I thank Chairman Takano, who is not only a leader in the  Equality Caucus but also chair of the Veterans' Affairs Committee for  organizing our Special Order hour.   I know we are joined by several other members of our caucus,  including one of our new members, an extraordinary gentleman from New  Hampshire, Chris Pappas, who we will hear from in just a moment.   As chair of the LGBTQ-Plus Equality Caucus. I am very proud to be  here tonight to stand alongside my colleagues as we mark this very  important anniversary.   Ten years ago, a, historic wrong was corrected when Don't Ask, Don't  Tell was repealed. I wish I could say it is hard to remember when  members of the LGBTQ community had to push for their right to serve our  country openly. But we continue to struggle for full equality in our  military and in many other areas of our lives.   A few years ago, President Trump imposed a ban on transgender people  serving their country in the military. Thankfully, President Biden  reversed that move and just in the past days his administration has  taken additional steps to ensure equal access to services for those  unfairly discharged.   Thousands of members of the LGBTQ community have served and continue  to serve in our Nation's military, and we are grateful for their  service. We understand that military service is inherently stressful  and dangerous, and those who serve are heroes for putting themselves in  harm's way to protect us all.   Now imagine conducting that service knowing that your very identity  must be kept hidden at the risk of being thrown out with a dishonorable  discharge. And we know that LGBTQ servicemembers had more to fear than  separation. They had to face discrimination and potentially violence  within their ranks should their identity be known.   The problems facing LGBTQ servicemembers did not vanish immediately  upon repeal of Don't Ask, Don't Tell. I am proud of my colleagues who  continue to push to create a level playing field for those discharged  under this discriminatory policy. I particularly want to acknowledge  Congressman Takano and Congressman Pocan. But there is still more work  to be done, and the LGBTQ-Plus Equality Caucus is committed to  continuing this fight alongside those who have served.   Today, as Chairman Takano mentioned, my colleagues and I will read  some firsthand accounts from people discharged under Don't Ask, Don't  Tell so the American people can really understand the story of their  lives.   My story is from John Hegwood, who served in the Army and identifies  as a gay, bi-racial cisgender man.   He writes: ``I joined the military knowing, at least intellectually,  that I couldn't be my authentic self. However, it would take several  years of introspection to realize what impact this would have on my  life. I told myself it would be easy to navigate as a gay man since I  grew up in the very rural and antigay western part of Texas. I thought  this would be a proverbial `walk in the park.'   ``When I first heard that Don't Ask, Don't Tell would be repealed, I  was incredulous and nearly in tears. It was almost unimaginable that  this would occur within my lifetime. My then-partner and I were both  military and couldn't even acknowledge our relationship in the  workplace. The darker side of this otherwise heartening news is that  the coming months until it was fully repealed would feel like an even  more hostile environment.   ``With Don't Ask, Don't Tell as the status quo for over a decade, I  had the privilege of mostly flying under the radar of most of my  colleagues who deemed LGBTQ soldiers as a benign part of the fighting  force. Now with the repeal of Don't Ask, Don't Tell at the forefront of  the military's collective consciousness, it all but painted a target on  my back as I became the focus of everyone's ire if they disagreed with  the repeal that was looming on the horizon.    ``I now carry with me a sense of resentment towards the military  because of the harassment, hazing, bullying, and discrimination I  encountered while serving from those that I was supposed to trust my  life with. I had to choose between serving my country and my  relationship.   ``Now, we might have made some progress as a society. Last month I  celebrated 10 wonderful years with that same man I couldn't even  acknowledge in the workplace 10 years ago. He is now my husband, and  the military that would have discharged him a decade ago now honors our  marriage and was very accommodating in granting a compassionate  reassignment of duty location when I was diagnosed with stage III non- Hodgkin's lymphoma.   ``This doesn't mean that homophobia simply disappeared, or that  everyone suddenly had no issues with us simply existing as we are. To  this day it is not entirely safe for us to hold hands in public, and  members of the LGBTQ community are still facing discrimination in our  Armed Forces and in society as a whole.''   Madam Speaker, those words powerfully written are really a call to  action as we celebrate 10 years of the repeal of Don't Ask, Don't Tell  to recognize we have much more work to do to ensure that all members of  the LGBTQ community can live full lives free from discrimination of any  kind.   