 Mr. President, I thank the distinguished majority leader  for his comments. He and I have been friends for decades. I also  acknowledge the distinguished Secretary of the Senate, who is here this  morning.   Mr. President, eight times the voters of Vermont--who are my  neighbors, my friends, my family--have had the great faith to send me  to the U.S. Senate to represent them. Yesterday, I told those neighbors  and friends and my family that I would not run for reelection.   I told the Vermonters who have humbled me since my first election to  the Senate in 1974 that I will leave this seat at the conclusion of my  term. It is a decision I do not come to lightly but one in which  Marcelle and I find great peace.   In the last nearly 47 years, the Senate has become a family to both  Marcelle and me. Here we found friends, some of the best of friends,  and relationships that will and have lasted a lifetime. But the Senate  has always been where I have come to fight for Vermont, a State that  has been my home since birth, the place where I met Marcelle, where we  started our family, and to which in early 2023, we will return for  good. It is time to go home.   Here is the thing about the Senate. Here is where small States like  Vermont have not just a seat at the table but a voice at the table. For  decades, I have been privileged to fight for Vermont, from the small  grown-in-Vermont ideas like the revitalization of our historic  downtowns to farm to school programs, to organic farming--all of which  started small and have become increasingly popular across the country-- and to Vermont's trailblazing approach to criminal justice reforms and  victim advocacy, to taking Vermonters' outward view that our great  Green Mountain State is open and welcome to anyone, including  [[Page S8217]]  those fleeing desperate situations in far-off places. On all of these  issues and so many more, it has been an honor to represent the great  State--the greatest State--of Vermont in the U.S. Senate.   I am going to have more to say about the challenges, the rewards,  and, I am afraid, some disappointments over the last 46 years at a  later time. Now I want to celebrate the accomplishments that, together  with my constituents, we have achieved for Vermont over the last  decades.   I want to recognize the work still to do this year in Congress.   I want to thank the unbelievably wonderful women and men on my staff  and my staff throughout the years. They have steadfastly stood by me in  our shared goals to deliver for Vermonters and for Vermont and for the  country.   I want to thank my family--my children, grandchildren, my parents,  and Marcelle's parents who were here with me to start this journey in  the first Senate election who I know watch over the entire Leahy family  today. I think of how my immigrant grandparents and great-grandparents  and Marcelle's immigrant parents, how they must feel if they are  looking down.   And, of course, Marcelle, my closest friend, my partner. The last  couple of years have been challenging in ways we could never have  imagined. But she was with me from the first moment of the first  campaign, and we made our decision together and decided it is time to  go back home.   Now, we both look forward to the hard work the coming year will bring  with the same conviction that brought us to Washington in the first  place; that the brighter horizons of tomorrow hold the hope of the  future and the privilege I feel to serve in this body and trying to  guide our wonderful country toward the future.   As I said, I will speak more about this later, but, Mr. President, I  thank my colleagues.   I yield the floor.   (Applause, Senators rising.)   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   