 Madam President, I am going to be one of the first  Senators to congratulate Dr. Yellen, now Secretary Yellen, to be  Secretary of the Treasury of the United States.   You saw it was a strong vote, and there is no doubt that she has the  credentials, the experience, the qualifications to be Secretary of the  Treasury--former Chairman of the Fed. I mean, her resume is off the  charts.   I know her nomination is historic for so many women across the  country, including my three daughters. I am mentioning this because I  certainly intended to vote for now-Secretary Yellen, and I was a ``no''  vote.   I want to explain my ``no'' vote because I had a very good  conversation with her just the other day. We covered a whole bunch of  topics--everything from Alaska Native corporations to the strength of  the dollar, to our debt and deficit--big macroeconomic issues that are  important to the country, particularly as we are in a recession. It is  important to my State.   But we got to the topic of energy. We got to the topic of energy,  and, reluctantly, I am saying this now because I was a bit shocked that  despite a long, robust discussion, it was very difficult to get her,  from my perspective, to commit to being a Secretary of the Treasury,  the most important economic player in any Cabinet in any government--in  the U.S. Government, besides, of course, the President--to commit to  being a strong advocate for a robust, all-of-the-above energy sector  for the U.S. economy.   This is not a radical proposition. I would argue that every Secretary  of the Treasury since Alexander Hamilton has been a robust supporter of  resource development in our energy sector--again, all of it-- renewables, oil, gas. And the reason is that it has been such an  important driver of economic growth and jobs for pretty much our  Nation's entire existence.   Now that we are in this recession--deep recession--we need good job  growth, and we need a strong recovery. To me, having the Secretary of  the Treasury be a strong proponent in the debates about policy for the  energy sector, I thought, was a no-brainer. As a matter of fact, I  think pretty much every Secretary of the Treasury has been that person.  Again, in the 2008-2009 recession--the deep, great recession--the No. 1  driver of economic growth and job growth and capital formation for the  U.S. economy was the energy sector, and it was supported. Democrats and  Republicans, for decades, have supported a strong energy sector.   But despite a long, respectful debate with now Secretary Yellen, with  whom I certainly have a good relationship, I could not get that  commitment, which I thought was surprising. As a matter of fact, I  thought it was shocking, and it is the reason I reluctantly voted no  because, again, she is very qualified.   What is going on here is we are starting to see policies that I  believe need a national debate. We are starting to see policies--yes,  we all want renewables, clean energy, but we have a really important,  strong energy sector.   Prior to the pandemic, we were the world's superpower of energy  again. One of the reasons we won World War II was our energy sector.  The men and women who have been producing energy--``all of the above''  energy--are great patriotic workers who have been doing it for decades  to the benefit of every single American.   We need a debate because what I am starting to see with the new  administration, unfortunately--and I have had discussions, and,  hopefully, they are not going to go down this path--are Executive  actions that are going to target certain sectors of the energy sector,  the U.S. economy.   Natural gas. We can be dominant in natural gas for 100 years. We are  going to start targeting workers in the natural gas sector?   Oil. I know some people don't like oil, but it is important.   We can do all of this, but right now, there seems to be hostility  toward the sector and the workers and no debate. We should have that  debate. It is an important debate. It is really important in my State,  but I think it is really important to America.   Every Secretary of the Treasury for the last three, four, five, six,  seven decades--since World War II--has always sought the goal of  getting America back to energy independence. That is good for jobs. It  is good for low-cost manufacturing. It is good to reduce the heating  and energy bills of American families. It is good for our national  security. It is good for our foreign policy. We are pretty much on the  verge of doing this. And now we are going to start to unilaterally  disarm?   We have gotten to the point where I can't find anyone--and I hope I  am wrong--in the Biden administration Cabinet who is going to be a  proponent of a strong energy sector. Who is it? I was hoping it was  going to be the Secretary of the Treasury. Maybe in our long  discussion, I misinterpreted where she is going to be on this  issue. Pretty much every previous Secretary--Democratic and  Republican--in the history of our great Nation has really, really been  an advocate for the men and women who work in the sector and for the  economic growth it brings and for the help it brings to families and  the good jobs it brings. So that is the rationale behind my vote.    Right now, I think we are starting to see, whether with the Keystone  Pipeline decision or with the men and women in the building trades, who  have built this country through hard work, that they are being laid off  by the thousands. We had a big scare back home in my State. All  weekend, I was working this issue of these Executive orders from the  Biden administration, where it looked like it was going to send  hundreds of people home, unemployed--oil and gas workers in my State.  Why? I hope that is not the case, especially during a recession.   We need a debate on it, and I certainly hope somebody in this  administration, in their principals' meetings, talk about how we get  good jobs and a strong working class. I have noticed that the National  Security Advisor, Jake Sullivan, keeps talking about basing our  policies on working-class families. You can't get more blue-collar,  strong middle class than these energy sector jobs.   I, certainly, want to have a good, constructive relationship with the  Secretary of the Treasury and her team, but given the people I  represent and what I am starting to see right now, I could not in good  conscience vote yes when, on the basic question of ``Are you committed  and will you be a strong advocate for a strong energy sector--you name  it: renewables, natural gas, wind, solar--all of the above?'' I  couldn't get that commitment. I reluctantly voted no on someone who has  a background and experience in these other areas that are important for  the country.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, as a lot of our colleagues here know,  Senator Whitehouse is not just a distinguished Senator but one of my  very good friends here in the U.S. Senate. So I always respect what he  has to say, and I appreciate his words. He and I have done a lot of  work--some key work, particularly on issues of the environment and  cleaning up our oceans--ocean acidification--and I look forward to  continuing to work with him. Climate change is also, certainly,  happening in my State. We are seeing it. No doubt about it.   My point is we have an economy that is in recession, and you have  tens of thousands--literally, hundreds of thousands--of people out of  work, and you have a sector that is important--critical, actually--the  energy sector. There is no doubt about it. I know we can use words like  spewing and polluters, but the energy sector has been one of the things  that has made this country so strong, with great jobs--middle-class  jobs--and people can't deny that. All I am asking for is for the new  Secretary of the Treasury to look at that.   We are looking at the whole U.S. economy and the strength of our  recovery and good-paying jobs. That has to be taken into account. What  I worry about is that it is not. We need a debate, and I would welcome  it with my good friend on: What is the strategy? The strategy out of  the box can't be that we are going to go after these oil and gas jobs  and put people out of work. And replace it with what?   We had a hearing in the Commerce Committee with the new, incoming  Transportation Secretary. A lot of people asked: Well, what are you  going to replace it with? What are you telling the 10,000 guys who just  lost their jobs on the Keystone Pipeline their new jobs are going to  be? They have mortgages and tuitions to pay. They are out of work right  now. So we need a strategy.   Look, I look forward to working on all of these issues with my good  friend from Rhode Island, but it is, I think, a first. If you look back  at the great history of this Nation, if you don't have a U.S. Treasury  Secretary or other members of the Cabinet who are for a robust, strong  energy sector--which, of course, would include renewables--that is new,  that is different, and, I think, it is very troubling, particularly as  it relates to the jobs that, I think, are going to be sacrificed on a  policy and a strategy that I have not seen the meat and bones of yet. I  am just seeing the damage, and a lot of the damage is starting to  happen to the people I care about, particularly in my State, who work  in these sectors and who are great Americans who have helped build this  country and build my State. We can't just disregard them and say: Don't  worry; you are going to get a green job later.   It is tough to tell people that. It is tough to tell people that when  they have mortgages and tuitions, and we are relying on them.   So I commit to continuing to work on these issues and others with my  friend from Rhode Island. I appreciate his coming down here, but I  wanted to explain my vote on an issue that I think we need to debate  here in the Senate that is important for our Nation.   I yield the floor.   