 Madam President, I call up the Rubio amendment 1802 to the  Cantwell amendment 1527.    Madam President, I ask that the reading of the amendment  be dispensed with.    Madam President, I want to take a moment to speak on my  amendment, and I won't take very long.   First of all, really, my comments are geared toward somebody who  might be watching or will maybe watch a video of this later because  usually there aren't a lot of mysteries here on the floor of Senate.  And when these amendments come up, everybody kind of knows the way it  is going to go. And this amendment that I am about to put forward here  is probably not going to pass. I am pretty certain it won't or we  wouldn't have gotten a vote on it. That is just the way it is.   But that is OK because--it is not OK, but it is OK in the sense that  I still want to take this opportunity to talk about this and have a  vote on it.   Let me just say this: If you go back 2, 3 years, I believe not the  first but one of the first people here who talked about the need to do  what much of this bill does was me. I have been talking now for 2 or 3  years about the need for the American Government to step forward and  partner with the private sector. I have been talking about the need for  industrial policy.   You can't compete with a nation-state if the nation-state is not  involved in the competition. And that is what we are involved in--a  nation-state competition. And it does involve a massive amount of  Chinese investment in research and development.   And we have to step up to the plate. The days of believing that on  some of these items the private market on its own will solve it, it is  not possible at this scale and scope.   I point to Operation Warp Speed. Would the private market have  eventually given us a vaccine? It would have. But we needed it now. We  stepped forward. We provided the money. The private sector responded.  And today we are standing around here with no masks on, and much of the  country is getting back to normal because we have vaccines.   You could criticize a lot of things about what America did in the  beginning of the pandemic, but we have done vaccines better than anyone  in the world, and that would not have been possible without industrial  policy, which is the partnership of government and business to solve an  urgent crisis of a national concern.   Well, when it comes to research, development, technology, that is  perhaps the single greatest requirement before us today in terms of the  future. The 21st century is going to be defined by this definition  between China--this competition between China and the United States.  And it is a competition we simply cannot win unless we step forward and  match it.   But another part of the Chinese approach to this is not simply to  invest but to steal. As many of you know, I have been on the  Intelligence Committee now for 10 years. I was acting chairman of it  for a number of months and now the vice chairman in a committee that I  think--maybe I am prejudiced in this view, but I think it is the best  functioning committee here. I am sure some would disagree. But I think  we do a lot of good work.   And it comes on topic--and I spend a lot of time reading all of the  intelligence every single day. Let me just describe my experiences over  the last few years. It is a horror show.   The Chinese are stealing our intellectual property. And it is not  just, oh, they reverse engineered someone's software; they steal the  money the taxpayers are investing in basic research and development.   We have a graph here. I have it up. The print is too small to see on  camera, but I will describe it to you. Here is how they operate, use  our universities. They prioritize--they steal priority technologies,  leverage international openness of U.S. markets, universities, and  institutes. They play scientists, researchers in universities, U.S.  National Labs, for access to emerging and foundational research and  access to dual-use export control technologies.   It goes on to say, Chinese state-owned enterprises' front and shell  companies partner with universities for access to IP, research data,  technology, penetrate U.S. company supply chains. This is their  strategy.   Now, we were about to put $200 billion of American taxpayer money in  more of that, in more of those activities. And you don't think that  they are going to do all of that against us? They are. And so it is  incumbent upon us to make sure that we have in place safeguards so they  cannot keep doing this to us.   What is the point of putting up $200 billion of American public  taxpayer money on pursuing all of this research if we are going to  allow the Chinese to steal it? Nobody here wants them to steal it.   And I know there have been improvements done in terms of upping the  security. What I want you to understand is that this is not a minor  security threat. This is the No. 1 priority of Chinese intelligence.  This is their No. 1 priority. This is what all of their agencies and  all of their government is geared toward doing. And we are going to put  all this money in there and hope that the safeguards we put in place  are going to work.   I hope they do. But what if they don't? What if a year from now we  find out, or you are going to read in an article 2 years from now,  whatever, that says: The Chinese have stolen a quarter--25, 30 percent  of the IP developed by the money that has been put forward in the bill  that was passed? Then we are all going to feel pretty stupid around  here.   That is the only thing I am aiming at. All I am asking in this  amendment is that, at least in the initial stages of this program, that  the Director of National Intelligence, the DNI, the DNI's office, and  the FBI have an opportunity to review these grants to ensure that they  do not have embedded, in the place we are giving the money to, a  scientist, a researcher at one of these National Labs or that there  isn't some shell company involved.   Now, I know the argument. I have heard the argument against it from  those who want to do the research. This is going to slow it down. It  is.   TSA slows down our ability to get on airplanes. Who wants to get rid  of TSA? Cyber security slows down our ability to access our networks.  But we need more of it, not less. Yes, security becomes burdensome. It  slows things down. But I would rather do it slow or slower and own it  than faster and have them steal it. And that is what this amendment  does.   I don't know what the opposition to it is other than I understand  that there are a lot who just want to get their hands on this money,  and they want to get going very quickly. That is what they want to do,  and that is great. That is what researchers want to do. They want to  move fast. We need them to move fast. But our job is different. Our job  is to see the problem holistically and understand, let's move as fast  as we can without allowing the Chinese to steal it   So, look, I am asking everyone to vote against this motion to table  because, frankly, I think we expose ourselves to a vulnerability. We  are placing the faith that this existing system we have, and whatever  new one we are starting up, is going to be able to withstand the force  of the intelligence agencies of an entire nation-state and their No. 1  objective, and that is how can we get our hands on whatever these $200  billion are helping to innovate.   