 I thank the gentleman from Maryland for yielding. Mr.  Speaker, I would like to request if the gentleman could let us know  what the schedule is expected to be for the remainder of today.   Obviously, the reports are that there may be a CBO score today. I  also want to ask the gentleman: Would it be anticipated that there  would first be a CBO score before any final passage of legislation?    I thank the gentleman. So regarding the CBO score, right  now we are probably at about one-third of the bill being scored. Would  it be expected that it wouldn't come up until the full 100 percent  would be scored or something less than that?   The other question would be, if the Rules Committee is going to meet  again to come out with an additional rule based on the Senate scrub,  would there be additional debate on the bill added as part of that rule  or would it just be a debate on the rule and then straight into final  passage?    So for the three remaining committees, we have Ways and  Means, Energy and Commerce, and Judiciary that still haven't been  scored. Would all of those be at least in a table? The remaining  committees that have not been scored, would they be part of a breakdown  table at a minimum, whether or not it is the more detailed version, as  well?    So Ways and Means and Judiciary would also be in a table  before something came?    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Texas for his  leadership and for yielding time.   Mr. Speaker, we are facing in America crisis after crisis after  crisis created by President Biden's policies. Just look at some of the  crises we are facing:   There is an inflation crisis that has probably the worst effect on  lower- and middle-income families. They are paying 50 percent more for  gas. They are paying more for everything they buy at the grocery store.  This Thanksgiving is expected to be the most expensive ever because of  President Biden's radical agenda and all the spending, the trillions in  spending that has already been done.   So what is the answer of this majority? To raise more taxes, to spend  trillions more dollars, jacking up inflation even higher.   And who is it to benefit? Let's look at the Joint Committee on  Taxation who just came out with an assessment of this.   You know who benefits the most in this bill? The largest decreases go  to those making a million dollars or more. That is right. The largest  tax cuts go to the multimillionaires.   Do you know who gets the smallest tax cuts? The smallest goes to  those making $40,000 to $50,000. They get the least amount. And where  are they paying for it? They are paying for it in a natural gas tax.  Everybody who uses natural gas to heat their home this winter is going  to be paying about 30 percent more. For what? To give tax breaks to  millionaires in five States.   And don't just take the Joint Committee on Taxation's word for it.  Let's listen to Bernie Sanders, the chairman of the Committee on the  Budget.   Do you know what he just said yesterday about this? ``You can't be a  political party that talks about demanding the wealthy pay their fair  share of taxes, and then end up with a bill that gives large tax breaks  to millionaires.'' That is what Bernie Sanders said.   He also said the hypocrisy of that is too strong, giving tax breaks  to millionaires in this bill. And for what? So that low-income families  who are paying it can then see their tax dollars go to give $450,000  checks to people that come here illegally. That is right. You are going  to be paying 30 percent on your household electricity bills for 87,000  more IRS agents, who President Biden says want to comb through your  bank accounts.   If you make more than $10,000--not the millionaires and  billionaires--if your grandmother on a fixed income, makes $10,000,  87,000 IRS agents will be unleashed on her bank account to then go and  give $450,000 checks to people who came here illegally.   Stop this madness. Did you not pay attention to the results of the  Virginia election just two weeks ago? They said enough of the spending  in Washington. Let's focus on helping those hardworking families who  are being crippled by this inflation. This will only be made worse if  you throw trillions more dollars in taxes and spending onto this  dumpster fire.   Let's save America. Stop. Defeat this bill.   