 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I am going to support the nomination of  Mayor Marty Walsh to be the U.S. Secretary of Labor.   Now, why is a guy from North Carolina here to encourage my colleagues  to vote for the mayor of Boston, MA? Well, it is quite simple. Mayor  Walsh has the background and skills and the awareness for the need of  balance in conversations between labor and management.   He has been a mayor; he has been a State representative; and he has  also been a union leader. The Department of Labor serves an immensely  important role in our economy and in the lives of the American people.  Especially in the midst of a pandemic, with unemployment at 6.7 percent  and 12.6 million Americans unemployed, this is a job that needs  filling.   But our Nation can't have a Labor Secretary that will ever be accused  of being in cahoots with labor or beholden to management. I have made  it clear that the Labor Secretary's job is to play a balanced role and  to confront both, when necessary, for the protection of the rank-and- file workers.   Mayor Walsh emphasized during his nomination hearing that he wanted  to work with us collaboratively to help the American workers improve  and expand opportunities. He respects the importance of job creators  and the need for better coordination of numerous job training programs.   Mayor Walsh is committed to making sure commerce and labor work  cooperatively. He stated that the workers in a representation election  have the right to listen to both sides. Mayor Walsh agreed to be  responsive to our oversight requests and to keep us updated on his  plans and departmental actions.   Now, we won't agree on everything, but we should be able to find  places that we can agree, in a bipartisan way, to move forward. I  support the nomination of Mayor Marty Walsh, and I look forward to  working with him. I encourage my colleagues to support this nomination  as well.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   