 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this important  legislation that will bring greater transparency to the judges  adjudicating cases every day all across this country.   Most high-level government officials in all three branches of  government, including Federal Justices and judges, must file annual  financial disclosure reports. For Members of Congress, as well the  President, Vice President, and other executive branch officials, these  disclosures are readily available and searchable online. This makes the  information easy for the American people to obtain, and this tool is  vital to a transparent government.   Federal judges and Justices, however, do not have to make their  disclosures readily available to the public online. It often takes the  public months to request this information under the current disclosure  system.   This delay in information often prevents the public from being able  to determine if a judge has a financial interest in a certain court  case in a timely manner, effectively weakening the enforcement of  recusal requirements even if there is a conflict of interest.   I am sure many or most judges willingly recuse themselves from cases  in which they have an interest, but a Wall Street Journal investigation  found that this is not always the case. That investigation found that  since 2010, more than 130 Federal judges have not recused themselves in  nearly 700 cases where they or a family member had a financial  interest, an unacceptable breach of the public's trust.   For example, in one case, a judge denied a class action motion  against Microsoft, which he held stock in, potentially saving the  company more than $45 million. These kinds of conflicts must be  transparent.   The bipartisan Courthouse Ethics and Transparency Act of 2021 would  increase transparency and empower the public by mandating that Federal  judges' financial disclosures are publicly available and searchable  within 90 days of filing. This will allow the public to access these  disclosure forms more easily, providing the information we need to  ensure fair proceedings and necessary recusals.   I thank Congresswoman Ross for introducing this extremely important  legislation, and I thank her for her leadership. I also want to thank  Representative Johnson and Representatives Roy and Issa for taking the  lead on this important bill.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it, and I thank the  gentleman for yielding.   