 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Kentucky (Mr.  Guthrie) for yielding time.   Mr. Speaker, I want to first associate myself with the remarks made  by Ms. Eshoo of California, as well as Mr. Pallone, and stand up in  strong support of this bill. I also thank the lead authors, Mr.  Fortenberry and Mr. Quigley, and all of us who have worked on this and  other issues to help patients with ALS.   This goes back to other legislation that we have worked on, including  the 21st Century Cures Act, where Congress came together, Republicans  and Democrats, through the Energy and Commerce Committee, to help put a  sharper focus on finding cures for diseases like ALS, diseases like  Alzheimer's, and so many other debilitating diseases where you have got  people that just want hope; as Ms. Eshoo said, where you have people  who want the ability to live their lives to the fullest.   I know I have worked on so many of these ALS-related issues with a  hero back home in my district, Steve Gleason. Steve Gleason was, for  awhile, more famous as a player for the New Orleans Saints, somebody  who gave us a light in the darkness of Hurricane Katrina, but then  Steve was diagnosed with ALS. He turned his notoriety into a call for  action for other people with ALS to be able to live their lives to the  fullest.   Steve has been an inspiration to so many. He has a speech device that  allows him to communicate; and he stays incredibly active. Steve  brought this bill up over a year ago. So this is one more thing that we  can do to help people with ALS; so that they can bring new therapies so  that people living with ALS do have more ability to treat this disease.  [[Page H7513]]    This means lifesaving drugs will now be available for individuals who  are not otherwise able to get into ALS clinical trials.   Mr. Speaker, on behalf of heroes, inspirational battlers like Steve  Gleason, and so many of us have other heroes in our districts, I rise  in strong support of this great piece of legislation that brings  Republicans and Democrats together to take action for those people who  are counting on us.    Madam Speaker, I rise with a heavy heart but in strong  support of this legislation, the CAROL Act.   Clearly, if you look at the policy, we are here today to expand  research on valvular heart disease to help save more lives, but we are  also here to pay tribute to Carol Barr and talk about a special person  that we were blessed to know.   Carol was one of those people who would light up a room. I was  blessed to be in many of those rooms with Andy and Carol and their two  beautiful daughters. Then, we got the news. It was news that you don't  wish upon anybody, but to watch how Andy has carried on a legacy since  then, obviously caring for Carol's legacy, caring for those two  beautiful young daughters, but then turning it into something bigger  with the CAROL Act.   This legislation is going to help some of those 25,000 Americans who  lose their lives every year to valvular heart disease, many of them  young women like Carol.   Hopefully, we can prevent others from having to go through what Andy  went through and what all of us went through because, while we battle  on the day-to-day issues, we care about each other. We are family in  many ways. We spend a lot of time here together. We get to know each  other personally.   I got to know Andy. I was in charge of recruiting in 2012, and he was  the first recruit that I called. We hit it off from day one and just  developed an incredible friendship. With friendships like that, you get  to know the families of the people that we serve with. Every time you  were in a room with Andy and Carol and their family, it was just a  special, special time.   I know so many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who are  expressing those same passions. At least we get to channel this into  something positive that can help other people.   Andy, your strength in her death serves as a constant tribute to  Carol's life. Carol used to have a saying. She would say, ``Just get it  done.'' Today, we are going to get something special done in honor of  an incredibly special person.   I am sure they have C-SPAN in Heaven, and I know Carol is watching  right now, as she is so proud of the strength you have exhibited. But  today, she knows that her name is also going to be attached to  something that is going to save lives for years to come.   God bless Andy, his beautiful daughters, and Carol.   