 Madam Speaker, I support the National Defense  Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022. Thanks to the leadership of  Chairman Smith and Ranking Member Rogers, as well as the chairman of  the Strategic Forces Subcommittee,   Jim Cooper, this year's NDAA was,  once again, compiled and reported for consideration on the floor today  in a bipartisan manner. This bill is also the product of the diligent  work of the committee staff whom I would like to thank including the  Strategic Forces Subcommittee's PSMs, Maria Vastola, Grant Schneider,  Ryan Tully, Whitney Verett, and Zach Taylor, as well as the committee's  majority staff director, Paul Arcangeli, and minority staff director,  Chris Vieson.   Admiral Richard, the Commander of U.S. Strategic Command, has told us  we are facing a situation our Nation has not encountered before. We  must deter two peer nuclear-capable competitors simultaneously and must  do so with each being deterred differently. I am confident that the FY  2022 NDAA before us today places us on the right path to properly  observe both Russia and China.   First and foremost, the bill increases top line defense spending by  nearly $25 billion, reversing the harmful and reckless cuts from the  President's budget, ensuring an annual growth of 5 percent over the  previous year, and funding the DOD's most critical unfunded priorities.   Next, with one exception, the NDAA continues to fully fund programs  within the Department of Defense and Department of Energy that  modernize the Nation's nuclear triad and modernize the nuclear command,  control, and communications systems. This is especially critical to  maintaining a safe, secure, and reliable strategic deterrent while  China is undergoing an unprecedented and massive nuclear build-up and  Russia is undertaking significant modernization of all three legs of  its triad. Also, both Russia and China are developing brand-new, novel  nuclear delivery systems.   This NDAA fully funds capabilities necessary for the defense of Guam  and prohibits reduction of our ICBM inventory while simultaneously  halting efforts to retire or reconvert our low-yield nuclear warheads,  which are currently deployed in defense of our Nation. And this NDAA  reverses President Biden's detrimental and dangerous budgetary cuts to  our missile defense systems.   Madam Speaker, I encourage all Members to support this bill.   