 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from the great State of  Texas for that introduction and along with my colleague from the great  State of Alabama.   When I had my first visit ever in my life to Alabama it was because  of Terri Sewell who got me down there, and to the chairwoman of our  fantastic caucus, Congresswoman Beatty.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my colleagues from the Congressional  Black Caucus in honoring the memory of Congressman John Lewis and  renewing his call for good trouble.   I was 10 years old when I first saw Congressman Lewis on television  walking across the Pettus Bridge. And I had  [[Page H1102]]  to be here to stand at this anniversary of the Bloody Sunday march in  Selma when Congressman Lewis and so many others risked their lives for  the right to vote.   This year we have seen more than 250 State-level bills that will  restrict voting. Members of the Pennsylvania legislature have  introduced at least 14 restrictive voting measures, 14 bills including  some that would require a State-approved excuse to vote absentee. That  would be a rollback of the vote-by-mail law.   It is important to stand, Mr. Speaker, to stand tall and for us to  learn from the great John Lewis that if you see something, do  something. There is no way that I could not add my voice to this  effort. I must stand because I see something, and I plan to do  something.   It is important to understand that we need to keep working on the  John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act by getting into good trouble.  We need to all be prepared, Mr. Speaker, to continue this fight.   Although Congressman Lewis is physically not with us, his spirit is  with us, and we all must recognize that only through the collective  effort in the spirit that he has imparted upon us that we must continue  this effort.   So I wanted to make sure that my voice is added to the John Lewis  Voting Rights Advancement Act, and I want to do everything that I can  to ensure that it takes place because it is for these types of efforts  that we need a constant reminder.   Mr. Speaker, I say to Congresswoman Sewell, yes, we must continue our  journey to Alabama, to Selma. We must continue these discussions and  raise our voice. We must continue to show people that until this  happens, we are not going to stop. It is important to all of us.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Beatty for showing the leadership,  along with Congresswoman Jackson Lee, for us showing this collective  effort, for us working together to pass this act today.   