 Mr. Speaker, I would like to first thank my colleague from  the great State of Texas for yielding. Since I have been here, I have  watched her relentless passion for Black people, and she has not let  anybody stand in the way, and I am proud to stand with her and also the  chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, Chairwoman Beatty. She, too,  has led this Caucus, and I am honored to be here just to add my voice  to this discussion this evening.   President Biden's Build Back Better framework would bring down costs  that have held back families in Pennsylvania for decades. It would do  this by cutting taxes and making childcare, home care, education,  healthcare, and housing more affordable.   Let me repeat that, Mr. Speaker. President Biden's Build Back Better  framework would bring down the costs that have held back families in  Pennsylvania for decades. It would do this by cutting taxes and making  childcare, home care, education, healthcare, and housing more  affordable. These investments will provide new learning opportunities  for children, help parents--and especially working parents--make ends  meet, and it positions the economy for a stronger growth for years to  come.   As the Congresswoman said from the great State of Texas: This is  transformational. And that is why I am happy to be a part of this  discussion. The framework will create good-paying jobs for  Pennsylvanians, combat climate change, give our kids cleaner air and  water, and make America the leader in global innovation and 21st  century manufacturing, which means jobs and opportunities, which means  a sense of hope and optimism.   Mr. Speaker, this is a moment for all of us and we must not sit back.  And the Congressional Black Caucus, by what is taking place here, is  demonstrating that it is there. As the late John Lewis used to say: If  you see something, do something. And the Congressional Black Caucus is  following that lead.   We all recognize, as the late John Lewis used to say: If you think  things haven't changed, just walk in my shoes.   I want to focus tonight on childcare, which is so vital to our  families and putting our economy back on track. It is a major reason  why many Americans have not been able to go back to work. In  Pennsylvania, the average yearly cost of childcare centers for a  toddler is over $11,000. That means a Pennsylvania family with two  young children, on average, spends 22 percent of their income on  childcare for 1 year.   The lack of affordable options also contributes to the 15 percent  gender gap in workforce participation between mothers and fathers; 15  percent. That is outrageous. That should not be accepted.   The Build Back Better framework is the way to go. President Biden has  shown the kind of leadership and vision that is necessary. That is why  the Congressional Black Caucus stands so proudly to join this effort  with the rest of our colleagues who are ready to lead.   This is just that kind of moment. We want to be at the right place at  the right time. The building back framework would enable Pennsylvanians  to provide access to childcare for more than 737,000 young children  ages 0 to 5 per year from families earning under 2.5 times the State  median income. I want to repeat that. The building back framework would  enable Pennsylvania to provide access to childcare for more than  700,000 young children ages 0 to 5 per year from families earning under  2.5 times the median income, and it would ensure these families would  pay no more than 7 percent of their income on high-quality childcare.    This is something that is extremely important. This is something,  when the President talks about building back better, it puts us all in  the right position. It is something that needs to happen. It is  something that is long overdue. We in the Congressional Black Caucus  are prepared to join with the President and to send a message that  building back better is in the interest of America.   The President realizes that. He understood a long time ago about the  needs that we have. So I compliment him in joining with our chairperson  and joining with our colleague from the great State of Texas and their  leadership, and all of us joining with him tonight to show that we are  prepared to help lead this battle; that no one can do it by themselves,  but we need to be prepared.   We made a promise to build back better after the pandemic and this  framework would do just that. Mr. Speaker, this is an opportunity for  all of us. This is an opportunity for us to stand tall, to raise the  issue about building back better. We all recognize this. This entire  package, Build Back Better and the infrastructure package together,  will make a huge difference in our economy.   It is something that we all have worked on and we all understand the  importance of it. So I share with you as one member of this Caucus,  proudly of the Congressional Black Caucus, proudly of Pennsylvania,  proudly a citizen of the United States, that I am ready for this. And I  thank my colleague Sheila Jackson Lee for her leadership and all that  she has done.  [[Page H6059]]    As I have watched her, even though she hasn't noticed it, she has  been in the forefront. She hasn't missed a fight, and I am glad to be a  part of every effort.   So with the Congressional Black Caucus I stand proudly on the  President's Building Back Better framework, and I am ready to vote for  it.   