 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Madam President, I am here tonight to take a moment to  recognize the contributions of a member of my staff, Air Force Maj.  Grace Miller, who has spent the last year working in my personal office  as part of the U.S. Air Force Congressional Fellowship Program.   Before Grace departs my office at the start of the new year, I  express my appreciation to Major Miller for all of her tremendously  beneficial and hard work and her dedication to the service of our  Nation.   Grace's 15 years of service in the U.S. Air Force developed her  leadership capabilities and demonstrate her commitment to serving  others. These attributes have made her an invaluable asset to our team  as we work to serve Kansans, servicemembers, and veterans.   Before joining my office, Grace's assignments took her around the  world in service to our country. Grace earned her commission from the  University of St. Thomas in St. Paul, MN. As an aircraft maintenance  officer, Grace has served in Operation Iraqi Freedom, Operation  Enduring Freedom, and Operation Inherent Resolve, taking her across the  Middle East.   Major Miller's commitment to service also extends to teaching. She  taught English at the U.S. Air Force Academy, earning her the academic  rank of assistant professor and serving as executive officer to the  dean of the faculty.   Grace joined our team in January of this year. She, since then, has  fully embraced Kansas, its people, and the challenges they face day in  and day out. Grace's personal interactions with Kansans and Kansas  veterans, in particular, have helped drive meaningful policy in a time  when our past and present servicemembers have needed it the most.   She has spearheaded the Senate passage of the ``Six Triple Eight''  Congressional Gold Medal Act of 2021, which recognizes the 6888th  Central Postal Directory Battalion--the only all-African-American, all- female battalion to be deployed overseas during World War II. The 6888,  as this battalion has come to be known, sorted millions of pieces of  backlogged mail so troops serving on the frontlines could hear from  their families and loved ones from home. Their efforts boosted morale  and directly contributed to our servicemembers' fighting spirit,  particularly toward the end of the war.   Grace has been a tireless advocate for these women, and I commend her  dedication. The bill currently awaits passage in the House.   Furthermore, throughout the chaotic and disastrous withdrawal from  Afghanistan, Grace was an indispensable resource for veterans and  Afghan refugees. She continues to assist innocent Afghans seeking  refuge from the Taliban's tyrannical hold on the country.   I want to highlight her efforts in this regard. She was tireless and  was here morning, noon, and night--always with the goal of trying to  make sure those who should be on a plane out of Afghanistan were able  to be so. It was an emotional issue and a trying issue and something  that she never conceded: the belief that she couldn't make a  difference. Man, she made a difference in so many people's lives. It  gives me the chills to tell the story of her dedication to this cause.  I am so grateful; many Kansans are grateful; many Americans are  grateful that she cared so much.   I will be sad that she will be leaving our office at the end of the  month, but I know that she will serve the Air Force well as she  transitions to the Air Force Legislative Liaison Office in the House of  Representatives.   It was a real pleasure having Grace in our office, and I hold her in  the highest regard personally and professionally. She is a significant  asset to our Nation and to the U.S. Air Force. Grace represents the  best of what the Air Force has to offer, and I know she will continue  to benefit the future of our Nation.   I hope that her experience in our office is something that lends  itself toward her further professional advancement within the Air Force  and an understanding of our democratic process.   There is no group of people I hold in higher regard than those who  serve our Nation, and I want to reiterate my gratitude to Grace for her  service and dedication.   Once again, thank you, Grace, for all you have done for Kansans and  for Americans in the year that you have spent in our office. You have  been a model of selfless service and leadership. I know that you will  continue to do great things throughout your Air Force career and your  life of service, wherever that path may lead.   Grace, thank you so much.   I yield the floor.   