 Madam Speaker, on June 19, 1865, in Galveston,  Texas, more than two years after President Lincoln issued the  Emancipation Proclamation and six months after the passage of the  Thirteenth Amendment outlawing slavery, Union Troops seized control of  the area and declared all slaves free.   Since then, ``Juneteenth'' has been observed in Texas and in many  places as Emancipation Day and the end of slavery in the United States  because many of those enslaved had not yet received the news of  President Lincoln's January 1, 1863, Emancipation Proclamation.   The news surrounding the Emancipation Proclamation and the end of  slavery reached different regions at different times. While many  commemorate this occasion on June 19, in areas such as Russell County,  Alabama, the date marking the end of slavery is May 28, and as such,  locals have established May 28 as a community holiday to celebrate the  day of freedom.   For many of the enslaved, in communities across the south, this news  was purposefully kept from them--denying them the freedom and rights  they were due. It is a dark legacy we see repeating itself today which  reminds us that freedom and rights--even that most fundamental right to  vote--are precious and precarious.   It has been a long and continuing march towards equality and justice.  So long as slavery existed and persisted, our country could never truly  live up to its founding ideals of ``life, liberty, and the pursuit of  happiness.'' The great strides made by courageous pioneers such as  William Lloyd Garrison, Theodore Parker, John Greenleaf Whittier, James  Russell Lowell, William Wells Brown, and Frederick Douglass were among  the early steps to realize those ideals in America.   Through Reconstruction, a Civil Rights Movement nearly 100 years  later, and up through current efforts to eliminate the residual effects  of slavery on the descendants of former slaves, the fight continues  into this century. Every step forward seems to have been met with  opposition--too often violent opposition--against recognition that  ``all men are created equal''. The words of Frederick Douglass ring  true today that ``freedom is a constant struggle''.   As we remember the struggles and successes of the past, we must use  this occasion to renew our efforts to wipe out the vestiges of slavery  that still remain.   Juneteenth is not only a reminder of the end of an odious era in our  Nation's history, but a reminder of the work that still needs to be  done before we can truly celebrate freedom.   