 Madam President, it would be a very disappointing moment if  we would fail to invoke cloture.   This bill, from the very beginning, has been completely bipartisan  and open to amendments. In the course, as Senator King eloquently  remarked, of the committee hearing, we included over 100 amendments on  a bipartisan basis. We came to the floor with a bill that passed our  committee 23 to 3--overwhelmingly bipartisan.   We also brought to the floor a substitute amendment, including,  approximately, 60 amendments that were also bipartisan. And then we had  another series of nearly 20 amendments that was bipartisan, that would  have been voted on, but they were objected to because several Members  did not get their amendments.   Now, just to point out, the majority of those amendments aren't even  within the jurisdiction of the Armed Services Committee. They don't  relate directly to the men and women of the armed services. They might  have foreign policy implications, but they are not something that is  essential to the passage of the National Defense Authorization Act.   I can recall many times on this floor when the NDAA was brought up;  both sides could not agree on amendments; we went through the process;  we invoked cloture; we voted on the substitute bill; and we went off to  conference. So this would not be the first occasion on which,  ironically, a few people did not get their amendments. In fact, on  previous occasions, there were many, many people who did not get their  amendments.   And so, again, I go back to the point that we have produced a  bipartisan piece of legislation. I commend the ranking member. We  worked with closely the subcommittee chairs and the subcommittee  ranking members. The staff has done a superb job. And we are here, just  one procedural vote away from moving forward, and I think we should  move forward for the benefit of the men and women of the armed  services, as Senator King, again, so eloquently described.   I think the other factor, too, is that eventually we have to  reconcile whatever we do or attempt to do with the  [[Page S8775]]  House of Representatives. Certainly, I think it gives us much more  credibility, much more clout, and much more leverage when we have a  strong bill that has passed on the floor of the Senate.   We are not talking about 100 amendments that we have to consider. We  are talking about a handful of Senators who didn't get their way, even  though many others were frustrated. I think, again, our duty is to move  forward to pass this cloture vote this evening, then to move forward to  final passage, and then to reconcile our differences with the House and  come back with legislation.   At this point--and I think the ranking member would agree with me--as  it stands right now, I would be proud to pass this legislation because  it is bipartisan, it responds to the needs of the men and women of the  Armed Forces, and it establishes robust resources for the Department of  Defense much more than were advocated by the President in his budget.   So we are taking a strong step forward, and I just would hate to see  this as a sidestep away from final passage.   I would urge all of my colleagues to vote for cloture.    I would be happy to yield.    That is absolutely correct.   There have been occasions where we have had--once we got the  substitute adopted--in some cases, no amendments and we went to final  passage, ultimately, and in other cases, just a handful of amendments.  Last year, I don't believe we had the kind of amendments we are  offering this year, some of them have nothing whatsoever to do with the  national defense. The nearly 20 amendments we were proposing were  nearly equally divided to be bipartisan.   And, frankly, to your point, I think this would represent more  amendments than in the many years I witnessed the passage of the NDAA.    Mr. President, I rise to express my great disappointment  that some of my colleagues have indicated by their vote that they are  preventing the adoption of the National Defense Authorization Act, and  they claim that more amendments and more debate are needed.   This bill has been bipartisan from the beginning. It incorporated  over 100 amendments at the committee level. There were approximately 60  additional amendments in the substitute, which were agreed to on a  bipartisan basis.   Last week before we adjourned, we offered nearly 20 more amendments  on a bipartisan basis, and they were rejected by my colleagues on the  Republican side, just as this evening, this motion for cloture was  rejected by the Republicans. They had their opportunity to consider  more amendments. We had 19 amendments ready last week that were brought  forward on an equal basis to be debated and voted upon. But that was  blocked by several of my Republican colleagues.   One of the ironies this evening is that many of my colleagues, who  had their amendments denied by fellow Republican objections, came down  and voted against the bill. That doesn't seem to be particularly  logical, in my mind.   Now, in the course of NDAAs--and I have done a few--there have been  periods in which there has been extensive considerations of the bill  with very few, if any, amendments. There have been times in which only  a handful of amendments were presented before we voted on cloture,  passed cloture, and passed the bill. So this is an unusual departure  from procedure, particularly with a bill that has so much bipartisan  support.  [[Page S8776]]    The bill passed out of committee 23 to 3 because it represented all  of the principled points that my colleagues wanted. In the course of  the committee deliberations, there were 300 amendments presented, and  we adopted 143.   Mr. President, let me yield to the majority leader.    I thank the majority leader for his comments and just to  elaborate, this represents what the majority leader just pointed out--a  few Members on the other side frustrated the entire process and,  ironically, frustrated many of their own colleagues in their caucus who  had amendments, either in the substitute agreement or were ready to be  voted on.   So this is really a question of doing our utmost, as we have in the  past, not for individual points but for the support of the men and  women in the military. That was the spirit that guided our efforts in  the committee.   Working closely with Senator Inhofe and all the Members on both  sides, we recognized that what we do ultimately affects the safety and  the welfare of our men and women in uniform and their families. And  this legislation would accomplish a great deal. This is, in my sense,  one of the most bipartisan bills we have ever considered. It is  unfortunate that we can't move forward on a bipartisan basis, consider  this bill, and then go to the House and come back with a final  legislation for consideration by this Senate.   We will have to do an NDAA. It will be done. I think Senator Inhofe  is committed to that, as I am, and we will have to use procedures that  are appropriate to get it done. But we just missed an opportunity to  send a clear message that we support this legislation, we support our  troops. We are going to get to final passage, and then we are going to  go to the House, and then we will send the bill to the President of the  United States.   I should note that one of the other reasons that many amendments were  not brought up for debate is because they are not in the purview of the  Armed Services Committee. There were foreign policy issues; there were  sanctions issues, et cetera. The NDAA often serves as a vehicle to move  those issues along, but it is not central to the purpose of the bill.   Our nation faces an enormous range of security challenges, and it is  more important than ever that we provide our military men and women  with the support they need to keep Americans safe. To that end, this  bill makes great progress. It addresses a broad range of pressing  issues, from strategic competition with China and Russia, to investing  in game-changing technologies, to modernizing our ships, aircraft, and  vehicles. It provides our servicemembers with the resources and support  they need to defend our Nation, while at the same taking care of their  families.   That is why we are here on the floor with the national defense  authorization act. It is not only an opportunity, but a responsibility.  Tonight, we demonstrated irresponsibility to those who serve and their  families. I regret it immensely.   Now, I look forward, again, to working with my colleague Senator  Inhofe and all Members of the committee, to continue forward to develop  legislation that will be acceptable to this body and pass, as we have  for 60-some-odd years, the National Defense Authorization Act.   I recognize and thank my colleague from Ohio for yielding to me.   I yield the floor.   