 Mr. President, this week, the Senate is engaged in what I  personally believe to be a disappointing exercise of, really, partisan  political power at the expense of American taxpayers.  [[Page S287]]    When it became clear that the Senate was going to be split 50-50--by  the way, it doesn't get closer than that--there was a moment of hope, I  think, on both sides that this would be the opportunity that we would  all have to really begin to seek ways to find how we could work  together and not have any 50-50 votes and not keep the Vice President  busy in breaking ties on votes. So far, that hope appears to be a  little bit short-lived.   We are supposedly voting to pass a budget right now that expresses  the priorities of the Congress on how limited tax dollars should be  allocated. Now, you don't have to be a genius to figure out that  passing a budget--October, November, December--4 months into the  calendar of the budget year probably isn't, technically, just to  determine how you are going to allocate limited tax dollars. Frankly,  there seems to be very little discussion in this budget about limited  tax dollars. What we are really doing here is passing a budget that  allows us to set up what, I think, is an ill-advised, partisan moment,  where one side believes it can do whatever it wants to without the  other side.   President Biden, when campaigning, said over and over again that he  wanted to work with Republicans. I actually believe that is true. In  his inaugural address, he said: ``We have never ever, ever, ever failed  in America when we've acted together.'' Now, the inaugural address was  only a few days ago. Here we are, 2 weeks later, and the President and  my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have decided to go  forward, and the only way to go forward is to go forward their way. If  that happens to be the way forward, it is going to be a long 4 years,  and for the majority, it might be a pretty quick 2 years because I  don't think that this is the message that people sent on election day-- that they wanted one side to be able to do whatever it wanted to do. We  have the narrowest House majority in about 150 years, and the Senate  majority--again, I will say--couldn't be closer than it is.   We haven't finished taking down the platform from the inauguration,  and our colleagues are already forcing a one-sided endgame. Now, I  would suggest that the endgame in this case really just sets the stage  for the rest of the time we are going to be trying to work together,  and I think we will look back and find out it didn't set the stage in a  helpful way.   The plan is to muscle through a really partisan $1.9 trillion package  that claims to be about COVID relief but covers really a number of  totally unrelated things.   People have talked a lot about the fact that the minimum wage is  there and whether it would meet the standard of reconciliation.   We haven't talked very much about the fact that the education money  in the proposal that we are looking at for reconciliation doesn't  include private schools, even private parochial schools. It doesn't  include the schools that more than any other have done their best to  stay open during the pandemic. It really breaks a pattern of recent  years for all schools and post-World War II for higher education to  where public schools was not the defining thing. The defining thing  was, if you could qualify for government assistance, you were able to  take it to any accredited institution that you wanted to.   Clean energy is in the COVID relief package. COVID relief is  different from clean energy. It is certainly a debate worth having, but  let's not suggest that it is COVID relief when it is not.   If one-half of the Senate is determined to impose its will on the  other half without even working to find a real path forward, I think  that is an unfortunate sign.   Democrats have said there is an urgent need for this COVID relief--so  urgent we can't wait to have a real debate. You know, we just passed  $900 billion in relief. Now we are beginning to talk about such big  numbers here that suddenly $900 billion is sort of passed away as,  well, that is not nearly enough. But the truth is, the $900 billion  bill was just signed into law December 27. That was 5 weeks ago--$900  billion. Most of that money remains unspent, and suddenly we want to  spend another $1.9 trillion. That is an aggressive pace even by the  standards of some of my friends in the other half of this Chamber or  the other half of Congress.   It really in so many ways is simply too soon to really know exactly  what we need next. We haven't taken the time yet to get the other money  out of the door. We haven't taken the time to see how it is going and  whether the policies we planned are the policies that really work. We  haven't taken the time to decide what else we might need to do.   But here is what we have done already: We have provided $8.75 billion  to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for vaccine  distribution. So far, they have released $3 billion of that money. So  we are rushing with billions more when 5.75 of that 8.75 amount of  money for vaccine distribution hasn't been released yet. With nearly $6  billion left in that fund, how do we know exactly how it is working or  exactly how much we need? We seem to be sure that what we have isn't  enough. I am not sure we even know that yet. But I have been an  advocate in every one of the bills we have done for money for  distribution of the vaccine, and I would love to see how the money that  is out there works.   We need to be thinking about what to do next, but there was a time  when debate was part of the Senate. Debate was very much part of the  Senate when President Biden served in it. It should be part of the  Senate now.   Frankly, if we debated and figured out a bipartisan plan, we would  get that done quicker than reconciliation. It is going to be several  weeks before we can have the vote that we could have had to provide  part of this money right now. A significant amount of this money is  agreed to, particularly the amount that does relate to vaccine purchase  and vaccine distribution. The parts that relate to testing, the parts  that relate to getting kids back to school--that could all be available  in a couple of weeks. But it won't be a couple of weeks when we go  through this process of reconciliation that I think my friends on the  other side will find out is harder to do than they thought and  substantially harder to do in a 50-50 Senate than it would be anywhere  else.   You know, in December, we provided $82 billion for schools and for  education. Elementary schools that were supposed to get almost $70  billion of that money to reopen haven't reopened. Many of them haven't  had a chance to spend the money. In fact, many of the K-12 schools  haven't even spent all the money they got in April. So money from April  not yet being spent, and we are rushing to decide how much more money  they need right now in these last few weeks of the school year.   Last week, Dr. Fauci said in an interview that it was the goal of  President Biden to get K-8 students back to school in the nex 100 days,  but at another event that same day, he said--maybe as truthfully as you  could possibly be--it might not work out that way. We need to be really  committed to getting kids back to school.    Now, there are more than a million people who have lost their jobs in  education at the State and local level since the pandemic started. That  is often given as the reason we need more State and local money. But  many of that million-person number were the busdrivers, the cafeteria  workers, the coaches, the support staff who, frankly--if you are not  going to school, most districts have decided they shouldn't be paying  that staff who is not part of what the school is doing right now. Those  losses are not about loss of revenue; they are really about the loss of  in-person school.   You know, I have served as the chairman of the Labor, Health, and  Education Subcommittee in Appropriations. I am now the top Republican  in that 50-50 committee. Last year, our subcommittee provided funding  for schools that would help them address the pandemic and reopen. We  provided money to develop and distribute vaccines and treatments. We  provided money to continue critical funding for programs to address  substance abuse and mental health and suicide and things that have been  a real problem for an isolated, pandemic-bound population.   We need to do all of those things. I am more than happy to be part of  that discussion. I want to help meet these  [[Page S288]]  challenges. I have hope the administration understands that. I believe  my colleagues on the other side of the aisle understand that. But we  need to be sure that we know what we are doing before we commit another  $1.9 trillion, as if that money is really--I am hearing occasionally-- not nearly enough. Two trillion more dollars after five bipartisan  bills that produced real results, just kind of out of hand not nearly  enough?   Now, that is easier to say because virtually nobody in this Chamber  or in the country, including me, really has a concept of how much money  $1.9 trillion is. So it is easy to say ``Well, it should be 2.9 or  3.9'' or ``Whatever it is, it is not enough'' because we really, I  don't think, have a sense of how much it is.   We have had real success in developing vaccines. We need to have more  success in getting out those vaccines.   I have not seen the administration or my colleagues on the other side  of the aisle make the case yet as to why we need to spend the amount of  money they are talking about spending. I have not seen anyone make the  case of why it is good to start off this administration and this term  of Congress in the most partisan, one-sided way possible before we have  really had a chance to talk this out.   There are a lot of things here we agree on. There are a lot of things  here that could be improved around the margins, but you have to have  the willingness to talk about that before it goes forward.   I was glad to see the White House accepted the offer of 10 of our  Republican colleagues to at least meet and talk about some bipartisan  issues, but the unwillingness of the Democratic leader here to slow  down this process made it clear that, really, there may not be that  much interest in really trying to find a solution, but at least there  was some interest in talking about trying to work together.   Bipartisanship is not something you do just for show. Compromise is  not ``my way or the highway.'' Unity is not telling everyone else that  the only option is to accept your side of the argument.   I hope my colleagues think better of this bipartisan exercise, come  to the table, and explain what we really need and why we need it. If  they don't, I hope we can still figure out how to recover and move  forward in the only way a 50-50 Senate can move forward, and that is  working every day to find things that more than 50 Members--and I would  hope substantially more than 50 Members--of the U.S. Senate agree on  and send those to the President and get our work done.   I yield the floor.   