 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from Michigan.   This is the mask of the Allegheny-Fayette Labor Council, which  represents the coal miners that President Trumka loved so well.   Madam Speaker, before he was the president of the AFL-CIO and an  internationally known figure, he was a western Pennsylvanian. Rich  Trumka was a football player, a deer hunter, a member of a great  family. What I respected about him so much is that the western  Pennsylvania part of Rich Trumka never went away. It always shone  through.   I heard him speak one time where he said one of the problems with our  opponents in politics is that they want you to think the economy is  just like the weather. It is just something that happens to people, and  we might be able to predict it and prepare for it, but there is nothing  we can do to change it.   He knew that in parts of the country, like ours in western  Pennsylvania, people had heard versions of that for so long at such  high volume with so much corporate money and messaging behind it that  it threatened the basic fabric of our community.   The unions built the middle class not just in America but  particularly in western Pennsylvania, and that has eroded over time.  The benefits and the value of the labor movement have receded in a lot  of people's minds. To me, the most western Pennsylvania thing about  President Trumka was that he never gave up on it because he knew that  our people never really accepted  [[Page H5922]]  the result of the recession of the labor movement, the inequality and  injustice that has grown, the way so many of our towns have been  hollowed out, and the way people looked to the future now sometimes  with cynicism instead of optimism and hope.   Madam Speaker, to me, what he represented was that he really lived  out the kind of abstract idea we have that the interests and the  struggle of a coal miner can be the same as the interest and struggle  as someone who works in home healthcare or someone who survived a  nursing home during the pandemic working for less than $15 an hour.   We have a lot of those in western Pennsylvania now. Healthcare is one  of our biggest economic drivers, and those people are not paid well for  the risks that they take and the hard, backbreaking work that they do.   Coal miners know something about that. I think that the best way we  can honor President Trumka is to set aside some of the many differences  that we have, even within the Democratic family and the labor family,  and refocus ourselves on the core economic issues that tie together all  the working- and middle-class people in this country that, themselves,  represent such a powerful force that they really can't be stopped when  people unite with each other.   Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Levin for pulling this together, and may  God protect Richard Trumka.   