 Mr. President, well, late last night, after a very,  very, just amazing meeting--several-hour meeting--of the Budget  Committee, where people spoke their minds and we came together, last  night, the Senate Democratic majority on the Budget Committee reached a  landmark agreement on a $3.5 trillion budget resolution, which will  pave the way for historic legislation later this year called the  American Jobs and Families Plan.   Very simply, this budget resolution will allow us to pass the most  significant legislation to expand support and help American families  since the New Deal--since the New Deal. This is a generational and  transformational change to help American families, who need the help in  this rapidly changing world.   Every major program that President Biden has asked for is funded in a  robust way. The President will be attending the Democratic caucus lunch  later today to talk about not only agreement but the next steps along  the way. When you consider the American Jobs and Families Plan, in  conjunction with the bipartisan infrastructure bill, which is close to  $600 billion, you get $4.1 trillion, which is very, very close to the  total amount that President Biden has asked Congress to invest.  [[Page S4872]]    Both traditional infrastructure, like roads and bridges, and social  infrastructure--we mean by that things that help people and families  directly, such as healthcare, family leave, and education--will receive  the kind of support that the American people so need and are asking  for. We are very proud of this plan.    Now, we know, the road ahead is going to be long. There are bumps  along the way. This is only the first step in a long road we will have  to travel and must travel, but we are going to get this done because we  so fervently believe that we must make average American lives a whole  lot better.   We want middle-class people to be able to stay in the middle class  and breathe easier in the middle class. We want poor people to be able  to climb that ladder to get to the middle class. And nothing, nothing  that has been put on the floor of this Senate will do that better than  this bill. Nothing that has been put on the floor of the Senate for the  last several decades will do that the way this bill will. It is  transformational. And, frankly, it is exciting.   The eventual legislation we are talking about is best understood in  three buckets: jobs, families, climate. Instead of giving a giant tax  break to large corporations and the wealthy, as our Republican  colleagues did when they were in the majority, we are going to  strengthen the backbone of the middle class by making critical  investments in infrastructure, creating thousands upon thousands upon  thousands of good-paying jobs in the process with apprenticeships and  training so that people who never had opportunities to have these jobs  can get them and then lead good lives for decades later.   The resolution will make sure that there are no tax increases for  families under $400,000 and no tax increases for small businesses. This  is about rebuilding the middle class and creating jobs. And we will  change our tax policy far different than what our Republican friends  did. The very wealthy, the people at the top who escaped paying all or  a lot of taxes--no, no, no--they are going to pay their fair share for  the first time in a long time, so different than what our Republican  colleagues did. Their bill gave the top 1 percent a huge percentage,  some estimated as high as 83 percent of the breaks. We are going to  give it to the middle class, to the working people.   For American families, we will introduce paid family leave, as well  as one important addition to President Biden's proposal, which is a  robust expansion of Medicare to cover dental, vision, and hearing. This  is something that Chairman Sanders, Budget Chairman Sanders, has  championed and alerted not just this Chamber but the Nation to its  need. We are going to get it done.   And on climate, we must act on climate. We have seen what is going on  just in the last month. We are going to invest in green  infrastructure--strong, bold, green infrastructure; electric vehicles;  clean and renewable power; resilient projects, housing, and more that  will not only help our country adapt to a changing climate but slow  climate change itself.   On top of President Biden's plans, Democrats will add other policies  to significantly deal with climate, such as reducing methane emissions,  one of the most potent and deadly of the greenhouse gases.   So jobs, families, climate, these are the three buckets that  Democrats will be working on.   Again, let me repeat. There is a long road ahead of us. But the fact  that we were able to come together last night with the diverse views on  the Budget Committee was a strong shot out of the gate.   Now, I am sure my friends on the other side of the aisle are going to  pan this and say one thing or another. We can predict they will label  anything where we reach out to help American families. They don't want  to do that. They just want to help those wealthy people. They don't  want their taxes to rise. They don't want the government to help the  people, so they are going to criticize it and use their usual name- calling. That is what they have been doing for years, no matter what  legislation there is. I am quite sure they will raise phony concerns  about the debt and deficit.   Hello, my colleagues, you raised the deficit by $2 trillion so you  can give tax cuts; namely, to wealthy people and big corporations. And  now you are going to claim, when we want to help middle-class families,  poor families, that there is a deficit? Give us and give the American  people a break. It is hypocrisy.   The American people won't buy their criticisms. Creating jobs;  providing family leave; making education, housing, and healthcare more  affordable; fighting climate change, no one seriously believes that  these policies are the policies on the road to what they might call  socialism. These are what American people want. Paid family leave,  helping people go to college, come on, that is part of our democratic  tradition where we build ladders up. And I mean small ``d,'' American  tradition, where we build ladders up to help people climb up and live a  good life.   So the goals we must pursue are goals to build back our middle class,  secure our middle class, help more people get to the middle class, to  bolster our economy, to lay the foundation for another century of  American prosperity, just as Franklin Roosevelt did close to 100 years  ago. And that is exactly what the Democratic majority is going to do    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at a time to  be determined by the majority leader in consultation with the  Republican leader, the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of  H.R. 1652, which was received from the House and is at the desk, and  that the only amendment in order be the following: Toomey No. 2121;  further, that there be 2 hours for debate equally divided between the  leaders or their designees; that upon the use or yielding back of time,  the Senate vote in relation to the Toomey amendment; that upon the  disposition of the Toomey amendment, the bill, as amended, if amended,  be considered read a third time; that the Senate vote on passage of the  bill, as amended, if amended, with a 60 affirmative vote threshold  required for passage; and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate;  finally, that there be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to  each vote in the series.    I yield the floor.   