 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 210, the  Rural STEM Education Research Act.   More than 9 million students in the U.S., nearly 20 percent of the K- 12 population, attend rural schools. For reasons ranging from teacher  quality to shortages of resources, these students often have fewer  opportunities for high-quality STEM learning than their peers in urban  and suburban schools.   Rural areas, including those in the Third District of Michigan,  represent one of the greatest, yet underutilized, chances for STEM  education to impact the workforce. It is especially important that we  correct this in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic when we are facing  serious research and development labor market shortages.   H.R. 210 would increase STEM education opportunities for rural  communities, ensuring the option to learn is not dependent on your ZIP  Code. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support  for the bill on the floor this evening that will make substantial  improvements in American research and development during a time when it  is so badly needed. The COVID-19 pandemic has created unprecedented  disruptions to our research enterprise and Congress must respond before  our research community is irreparably harmed.   H.R. 144, the Supporting Early-Career Researchers Act, will address  this crisis by providing funding to enable researchers to stay on their  chosen research career track. This will help prevent further loss of  critical talent from the U.S. STEM workforce and strengthen our Nation  as we compete with China to invest in the future.   Within my district in West Michigan and across the State are some of  the top-tier universities and research institutions our world has to  offer. This bill will play a vital role in helping to restart any  research they had to delay or postpone during the pandemic.   The pandemic has created these challenges, and our research and  development fields have felt them. We must make a serious effort to  increase productivity across STEM disciplines in order to remain  globally competitive.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support H.R. 144, and I encourage my  colleagues to vote with me in support of this bill.   