 Mr. Speaker, Newtown, Parkland, Las Vegas, Sutherland  Springs, Charleston, the attack on our former colleague, Gabrielle  Giffords, these are all tragedies that would not have been prevented by  H.R. 8 or H.R. 1446.   My colleagues across the aisle don't want to admit it, but every  commercial gun sale in America already requires a background check.   In Charleston, there was no loophole. The problem was information  sharing. If the FBI had checked all available databases, then Dylan  Roof wouldn't have been allowed to purchase a firearm. Congressman    Tom Rice of South Carolina has a bill to fix that.   Republicans are serious about ending gun violence and have brought  forward policies that protect public safety without eroding our Second  Amendment rights.   That is why in recent years we have passed measures like the STOP  School Violence Act, the Fix NICS Act, and 21st Century Cures Act.   The bills before us this week would not build upon this progress but  strips away from law-abiding citizens their rights.   H.R. 8 would turn law-abiding citizens into criminals if you store a  gun for a friend or loan a firearm to a neighbor with an abusive ex who  wanted to borrow it for self-protection.   Even worse, H.R. 1446 would extend the waiting period for a firearms  sale from 3 to 10 business days and allow the government to delay a  transfer indefinitely. Indefinitely, as in forever, if a government  bureaucrat says so.   Instead of these gun-grabbing bills, House Republicans are bringing  forward targeted solutions. That is why I introduced the STOP II:  Classrooms Over Conference Rooms Act to double funding for the STOP  School Violence Act to harden schools, to get more mental health  resources in schools, and increase active-shooter training for law  enforcement. And we pay for it by taking money set aside for the  Department of Education to rent conference rooms in Washington, D.C.   However, the left is determined to take away your rights, after  voting to defund the police just last week.   It is no wonder gun sales and concealed carry permits are at all-time  highs. These law-abiding Americans deserve to have their rights  protected.   That is why today, I am calling on my colleagues across the aisle to  stand up for law-abiding citizens and adopt H.R. 38, the Concealed  Carry Reciprocity Act.   H.R. 38 is a bipartisan and commonsense bill that ensures people like  Shaneen Allen, a single mother from south Philly, don't become  criminals for carrying a legally owned firearm across an invisible  State line.   We need H.R. 38 more than ever. And if my colleagues are determined  to pass gun legislation, then let's help people protect themselves.   Mr. Speaker, if we adopt the motion to recommit today, we will  instruct the Judiciary Committee to consider my amendment to H.R. 1446  to include my bill, H.R. 38, the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act.   I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the  Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to recommit.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   