 Madam President, I rise today to speak about an issue  that is very concerning and has to do with our national security and  our homeland security.  [[Page S7782]]    I am the ranking Republican on the Homeland Security and Governmental  Affairs Committee, and in my role on that committee, we have done a lot  of investigation into what happened in Afghanistan in terms of the  rushed and chaotic evacuation.   Unfortunately, I am here today to talk about a new threat to our  homeland security due to the Biden administration's failure to  adequately vet the Afghan evacuees who came through this chaotic  process.   Like many of my colleagues here on the floor--I think I can speak for  them--I support the resettlement of those who stood with us and our  allies who stood with us in battle, in particular, over the past two  decades in Afghanistan. That is important. Yet everybody recognizes  that the rushed nature of the evacuation resulted in some of the wrong  people coming out and many of the right people not being rescued from  Afghanistan.   Too many people were left behind. There is no question about that.  There were American citizens left behind and permanent residents left  behind, and many of the Afghans who had worked with us and with our  allies as interpreters, as drivers, who worked at NATO, or who worked  at the United Nations were left behind--so were a lot of people who  were actually in the process of getting what is called a special  immigrant visa, an SIV. Those would be our allies in Afghanistan, the  Afghans who, again, stood with us as drivers or interpreters and so on.   Getting information has been really hard from the administration, and  it is very frustrating to me, also to every one of my colleagues, and  to the American people. In fact, in the recent continuing resolution,  we actually got language included that requires, by November 30, for  the administration to tell us exactly how many SIV holders--special  immigrant visa holders--were left behind, how many citizens were left  behind, and how many people, who were employees of a U.S.- or a U.N.- funded partner organization, were left behind. We still haven't heard,  so we don't know the information.   What we do know is that very few of the evacuees who came out were  either American citizens, permanent residents, SIV applicants, or,  certainly, SIV holders. In fact, we know from the Defense Department  that there were only about 700 holders of SIVs who came out of the,  roughly, 78,000 people who were evacuated to the United States.   Let me say that again. Only about 700 of those people were SIV  holders. That is out of thousands of SIV holders and applicants who  were left behind in Afghanistan. There were 78,000 people who got out,  but the vast majority of them--again, I am not represented by any of  these groups that we would have thought would have been brought out.   It is also clear that, in the rush and chaos at the Karzai Airport,  the majority of those who were evacuated were neither American  citizens, green card holders, Afghans, nor special immigrant visa  holders, as we talked about.   So, just as we have an obligation to help resettle those who stood  with us, we also have an obligation to ensure that our communities are  safe and that we know who is being released into our communities. This  means not releasing people who have not been fully vetted. We want to  know who these people are. They might possibly have records--criminal  records. They might have terrorist affiliations. That is why you need  to do the proper screening and vetting.   Secretary Mayorkas testified in September before the Homeland  Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, where, again, I serve as  the top Republican. The testimony was about the vetting procedures of  the Afghan evacuees.   He said: ``There is a robust screening and vetting process in  addition to expertise both in the transit countries and here  domestically.''   ``There is a robust screening and vetting process both in the transit  countries and here domestically.'' I wish that were true, but,  unfortunately, it is not.   An unclassified briefing last week with Federal officials from all of  the relevant national security Agencies confirmed what our committee  staff had already discovered through our in-person oversight of the  vetting operations. They toured operations here in the States. They  also toured operations overseas at what are called the lily pads, where  people are brought from Afghanistan to a foreign destination and then  brought to the United States.   What they found and what was confirmed at that meeting last week is  that there is not a robust screening and vetting process for all Afghan  evacuees. It is true that there is a screening process. This is what it  consists of: providing fingerprints and your name and, many times, a  facial image--so your face, your fingerprints, and your name--to a  Federal database at the overseas lily pads. But unless the evacuee was  a known terrorist, a terrorist affiliate, or a criminal whose name,  face, or fingerprints were stored on the system, there was no vetting;  there were no interviews--nothing else--for Afghans who have been  paroled into the United States.   Now, here is the problem with that: Our database is not complete.  Despite repeated attempts to obtain the information, by the way, we  don't know how many Afghans were successful in getting past the  database screening I just talked about, but we are told by those on the  ground that it was the vast majority.   In other words, very few people were picked up through this database  we talked about, which is DHS, the State Department, and intelligence  services. Relying on hits on this database--this biographic and  biometric database that we have--is not adequate because the databases  do not have information on all Afghans. Certainly, they don't have  information on all Afghans who may be terrorists or who may be  terrorist sympathizers or who may have criminal records. We didn't have  a database like that, so we are pinging it against a database that was  incomplete.   Those Afghans with no information in the systems at all are not a  known risk--I acknowledge that; and most of them are good people--but  this does not mean that admitting them with no additional scrutiny is  an acceptable risk.   The best way to know something more about someone who is in the  process of being paroled into the United States is through intensive  in-person interviews. That is how it is traditionally done.   Interviews allow Federal officials to dig deeper into an evacuee's  background and learn more about their affiliations, as well as their  beliefs about the United States and the Western world.   In fact, we learned in the 9/11 Commission report effective in-person  interviews by U.S. government officials prevented at least three  individuals who were intending to join the 2001 terror plot and  attacks--it kept them from entering the country and contributing to  that tragedy on September 11.   One of the major lessons from the 9/11 Commission was that if the  U.S. Government had conducted face-to-face interviews of all 19 of the  9/11 hijackers, the attacks may have been prevented altogether.   How soon we forget.   The requirement of an in-person interview is a standard process that  normally applies to all refugees. It would have been appropriate to  consider most of these Afghans to be refugees, who would have been  subject to persecution from the Taliban due to their status as a person  who worked with us or because they were part of a vulnerable group,  including a lot of women and girls.   Interestingly, the Biden administration wants to treat the Afghan  evacuees as refugees when it comes to their benefits, but they are not  following the necessary refugee security procedures to vet those  individuals.   Our oversight identified many other issues and concerns with the  vetting process. For example, if an Afghan did have identification,  such as an Afghan national ID card or passport, the screening process  did not include validation of the documents beyond a visual inspection;  no follow-up.   The officials working at the military bases in Europe said they did  not have any specific training or expertise in identifying a fraudulent  Afghan ID card.   So, again, our folks went over to these foreign locations, these so- called lily pads, talked to the people who were doing this screening  process, and said: When you get an Afghan ID card, what do you do?  [[Page S7783]]    They said: We don't have the expertise to identify a fraudulent  Afghan ID card, so we assume that it is accurate, and their identities  are logged into a national security database, a U.S. national security  base--database, in some cases, of course, then, based on what could be  a fake ID.   If the evacuees did not have any identification documents, which  apparently was the case with a substantial number, no ID at all,  Federal officials simply logged them into our databases based on what  they said was their name and their date of birth. So they created a  national security database from what these individuals volunteered.   We are told it is not unusual for Afghans not to know their actual  birth date. It is just not always part of the culture to record or have  that information. That is understood. But this has resulted in a number  of the databases, including information about birth dates, being  January 1 of a particular year. So there are some people logged in to  say January 1, 1990.   The problem here is that our systems rely heavily on an individual's  birthday as a key biographic identifier.   You get asked your birthday all the time, I am sure, whether it is  getting healthcare, whether it is at a security checkpoint.   And now we have entered information into our systems that we cannot  rely on to be accurate; in some cases, could be false identities.   Based on our oversight--again, trips to these sites with Democratic  staff members, Republican staff members--talking with those  coordinating the Afghan resettlement here in the United States, it  appears that each side of the ocean--folks overseas and folks here in  America--thought the other side was doing more vetting than was  actually occurring.   The official overseeing the screening of an evacuee at a lily pad  overseas told us he thought the vetting was being done when evacuees  arrived on U.S. soil. When asked if he felt the screening and vetting  being done at the military bases in Europe were sufficient to be  confident in America's security--since evacuees can and have left the  bases in the United States--he said they were not.   But that is exactly what is happening.   A senior official at a base in the United States confirmed that there  are no in-person vetting interviews at any of the seven domestic  military bases that are now housing evacuees, and that all vetting  interviews were done overseas at the lily pads. So it is a little bit  of one pointing to the other.   Officials also confirmed that when an evacuee arrived in the United  States, the only screening that was conducted was the standard Customs  screening that all international visitors and tourists go through at  the airport.   Specifically, evacuees provided their information, if they had it, at  the Customs booth, and if there were no flags, they were immediately  paroled into the United States for 2 years. Customs would check their  information against the records created at the lily pads, effectively  creating a feedback loop. So information that might not be accurate or  might not be fulsome, might not be appropriate is then added to other  information and one checked against the other.   Once here, the Afghan evacuees are not detained. According to the  administration, more than 2,000 of these individuals have now left the  military bases where they are being housed and are freely moving about  our communities.   Again, my view is most of these people are good people. Some of them  did help us. As I said, it is a relatively small number. Somewhere  around 75 percent are not SIV holders or applicants or citizens or  permanent residents. But we don't know who a lot of these folks are.  And, again, people think that they are at the military bases because  that is where they have to be until we do fuller, further vetting. That  is not true. There are no interviews being done here, and they are free  to walk off the military bases, and a couple thousand have.    The only conditions of parole that must be met prior to leaving the  military base is to receive vaccinations for measles and COVID-19, and  agreeing to update DHS with any change of address within 10 days. That  is it.   I led an amendment with some of my colleagues to the recent  continuing resolution to ensure that not all of the Afghan evacuees are  automatically eligible for what is called a REAL ID.   If you have been to an airport recently, you know you are going to  need a REAL ID to get on a plane. A REAL ID is supposed to be issued  only to individuals with a valid Social Security Number; proof of  identity, which is shown through a birth certificate; and two proofs of  residency, like a bank statement, lease, or utility bill, that show  that you permanently live in the United States. There is a process to  get a REAL ID.   It was a 9/11 Commission recommendation, by the way, that we have a  REAL ID procedure.   But while we U.S. citizens have to abide by all these requirements to  get a license or an ID, Congress waived one requirement for Afghan  evacuees: the requirement to provide proof of lawful residence.   This undermines the REAL ID system, and it should not happen.   The amendment I offered with colleagues would have required the  Afghan evacuees to follow the normal process to require a REAL ID. It  would be to apply for asylum and then receive a REAL ID. Until their  asylum application is approved, they would be able to fly on an  airplane with that asylum application or their work authorization,  which many of them have received.   Unfortunately, this body rejected that amendment with a narrow vote.   Due to the reckless policies of the Biden administration, we have the  situation where an Afghan evacuee with no presence in our databases, no  documents establishing identity, can have a cover identity created by  the U.S. Government at, for example, Ramstein Air Base, where we went  and talked to individuals, based on a stated name, volunteered, a  stated birth date, and then can receive a REAL ID when they come to the  United States.   Doesn't seem right to people when I explain that, and it is not, but  that is the system.   I have come down here a number of times to talk about what is going  on on the southern border. Again, in my role as the ranking Republican  on the Homeland Security Committee, we do a lot of work in that area.   Unfortunately, it is getting worse, not better, in terms of number of  people coming across, the number of drugs coming across, and the amount  of human trafficking.   What is astounding is that, as open as our southern border is under  this administration, if an Afghan tried to cross our southern border,  they would be interviewed by a Federal law enforcement official.   Under this Afghan resettlement operation, though, the Biden  administration has lowered the bar for security even below that of our  southern border.   We already know from the administration there are Afghan evacuees who  pose dangerous national security threats, who were able to pass the  screening process we talked about at the lily pads overseas and to  arrive on U.S. soil.   We still don't know how they were apprehended, but we do know from  media reporting that there are at least 10 evacuees who have made it  past all this screening into the United States prior to the national  security concerns being raised, and causing them currently to be  detained in Federal facilities as a national security threat. That is  10. We don't know how many more there are.   The lack of appropriate screening and vetting of Afghan evacuees by  this administration is reminiscent of a pre-9/11 security mindset.   Remember, we were at war in Afghanistan for 20 years. We know that  ISIS-K and al-Qaida are operating in Afghanistan. These dynamics in  Afghanistan should be reflected by ensuring that normal national  security vetting processes are applied to all evacuees. I don't think  that is too much to ask.   I stand ready to work with the administration and all of my  colleagues in the Senate, both sides of the aisle, to address and  mitigate this vulnerability to U.S. homeland security. I hope it is not  too late.   I believe we have got to address the REAL ID eligibility of Afghan  evacuees and require in-person vetting prior to distributing any new  REAL IDs to those Afghan refugees who have  [[Page S7784]]  reached our shores. For future Afghan arrivals, it is clear that the  vetting and interview process must be strengthened and enforced. And,  again, in talking to the Federal officials on the ground overseas, they  would agree.   It is not too much to ask that Afghan refugees be treated the same as  all refugees when it comes to security vetting. We can't continue to  allow a lack of effective screening of Afghan evacuees to endanger our  communities.   I yield the floor.   