 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  allowing me to speak today in support of H.R. 208 to designate a post  office for Colonel Carlyle ``Smitty'' Harris, my friend.   Madam Speaker, he served with one of our colleagues and friends here,  Mr. Sam Johnson, and was in the Hanoi Hilton with him for much of the  time they shared together. I have this long speech written, but I want  to talk about who Carlyle Smitty Harris is.   He is Smitty to all his friends. You would never know that he was a  lawyer; you would never know that he was a pilot; you would never know  that he was a retired colonel. He is such a gentleman and such a role  model for our entire community. His family are key people in the Tupelo  area.   Smitty was shot down and spent almost 8 years in the Hanoi Hilton.  During that time, he had learned many, many years ago, from a sergeant,  about a tap code they used to communicate in World War II. Being one of  the first 10 or 12 prisoners in the Hanoi Hilton, they would separate  them so that they couldn't communicate. And Smitty taught this to all  the other members when they came in so that they could communicate when  they were separated and segregated as prisoners.   You would think that 8 years serving in the Hanoi Hilton that you  would be bitter, that you would hate humanity, that when you were  tortured, you would want to be tortured or be mean to others, but not  Smitty Harris. Colonel Harris is a gentleman of all gentlemen. He took  it, and now he uses his faith and all the strength that he gained from  all those years being away from the people and the things that he  loved, and he is not necessarily happy about it, but he is so content  with his life, and he passes on the lessons that he learned.   I think back when I went to the governor's mansion many years ago,  and I had my--at the time--17-year-old son. Smitty spent about 2\1/2\  hours on the tour bus with my son talking to him about life, about what  it meant to be a man.   Madam Speaker, there are not enough words to describe what Smitty  Harris has done for this Nation. He is a true hero, just like our  former colleague and friend, Sam Johnson, was. These guys gave their  best to this Nation during the Vietnam war during their captivities,  but he continues to give to his community even today.   