 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for  yielding.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5720, which I hope will be  only the first in a series of reforms from this body to assist our  courts in maintaining the appearance of impartiality, which is so  essential to the judicial function.   Perhaps more than any other branch, the judiciary relies on the  public's perception of its rectitude, its rejection of bias, and its  commitment to fairness as a necessary predicate to the accomplishment  of its work. The more the public trusts our judges, the more willing  the public is to accept their judgments.   Alexander Hamilton wrote that judges do not have armies to enforce.  They do not have appropriations to encourage. They have only their  impeccable reasoning and their unimpeachable objective, which together  ensure acceptance of their decisions.   That is why after The Wall Street Journal's investigative reporting  revealed widespread failures in the judiciary's compliance with a  straightforward conflict of interest statute, my Courts, Intellectual  Property, and the Internet Subcommittee promptly held a hearing to  examine why those failures occurred and what we could do to help the  judiciary avoid making them in the future.   I am pleased that Representative Ross and the ranking member of the  [[Page H6744]]  subcommittee, Representative Issa, immediately advanced a bill designed  specifically to rectify this systemic problem, and I am proud to  support it.   This bill provides the judiciary with much-needed tools to ensure not  only its actual objectivity but the appearance of actual objectivity,  both of which are critical to ensure the continued vitality of the  judiciary.   It also welcomes the public, the press, and the parties to lawsuits  into the process for ensuring judicial impartiality by making records  of judges' financial interests publicly available and freely available.   This interbranch cooperation, as the Constitution intends, is what is  needed at this time. Congress needs the courts because justice is the  foundation of our democracy. The courts need Congress to furnish them  with the statutory tools necessary to ensure that justice satisfies the  appearance of justice.   Our courts and our country will be better for the passage of this  bill.   