 Mr. Speaker, over 3.8 million people across the world  have died from COVID-19, over 600,000 Americans have died. We deserve  to know how the COVID-19 pandemic began.   There is mounting evidence to show that the Wuhan Institute of  Virology is a probable source of that. If we look at the assertions by  China to say that this was transmitted naturally from a bat through a  wet market, things just don't add up.   If we look at the information we have gotten from our intelligence  communities, if we look at what we have seen to this point across the  whole spectrum, we deserve to know exactly what has happened.   If we want to uncover the truth behind COVID-19, if we are serious  about preventing future pandemics, if we are serious about holding  China accountable, then I believe we need to do everything we can to  follow the science.   By profession and by education, I am a biologist. In fact, I worked  in and ran laboratories for years, laboratories that handled pathogenic  organisms. I know the things that need to be done to uncover exactly  what happened at the Wuhan lab.   It doesn't make sense to look at the assertions that China makes and  somehow believe that that is indeed the case. I don't think that this  is a random event. I do believe that there are links to the Wuhan lab  that must have an independent and thoughtful evaluation of exactly what  happened.   We have to force China to allow a free, objective, and independent  evaluation of exactly what happened at the Wuhan Institute of Virology  and determine what role did it play in the origins of this pandemic. We  have to do that.   I want to ensure the investigation happens and that we hold Chinese  officials accountable. That is why I introduced The World Deserves to  Know Act, because, indeed, the world deserves to know. The World  Deserves to Know Act will sanction key Chinese officials in their  Centers for Disease Control, in their national health commission who  obfuscated data, the data necessary to determine exactly what happened;  and also, through our intelligence gathering, to identify those  individuals in the Chinese Communist Party that persecuted scientists,  that persecuted citizen journalists that sought to divulge the truth  about what happened there. There must be a free, open, and independent  evaluation that is allowed in order for us to know. Again, the world  deserves to know.   In the meantime, what my bill would do is also prohibit funding from  going to China from any U.S. institution, our universities, our  colleges, anyplace that would send money either to the National Health  Commission or any entity associated with the National Health  Commission, like the Wuhan lab for the research that we have seen going  on there, the gain-of-function research. We have to make sure that that  happens.   I want to make sure, too, that we identify where dollars have gone  from the U.S., from the National Institutes of Health or any other  governmental entity or any entity associated with our Federal  Government, State governments, or local governments that may have sent  money to China for gain-of-function research. We have to know exactly  where the money went, where it came from, and who was the decisionmaker  about how that money got there. And that needs to go all the way up  through our bureaucracies not only at the Federal level, but at the  State level also. Anywhere there is an association, that needs to be  known.   I want to make sure, too, that my bill allows Taiwan observer status  in the World Health Organization to make sure that they check China's  malign influence over the organization. Taiwan was at the very  beginning of making sure that this was transparent.   This is not about political gamesmanship. This is about getting to  the truth not only for the sake of truth itself, but to make sure the  United States never suffers another pandemic like the one we just  endured.    I hope that all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join me  in holding China accountable and supporting and cosponsoring The World  Deserves to Know Act.   