 Madam President, when President Biden was campaigning last  year, he made the pledge over and over again that he wouldn't raise  taxes on any American making less than $400,000 a year.   Frankly, I think that is a good pledge, and it is one that he keeps  making. But right now, it seems that the facts would prove that he and,  frankly, our Democrat colleagues here in the Congress are pushing for  this reckless tax spree, this reckless spending spree in a way that  makes it impossible for him to keep that pledge.   The Tax Foundation--and people can check this if they want to verify  these numbers--looked at President Biden's 10-year plan, the plan he  outlined in his 2022 budget. This is not a plan that the Tax Foundation  or any other group came up with on their own. They found that his plan  would mean a higher average tax burden nationwide, including for  middle-class Americans.   In some States, the average taxpayer would see increases immediately;  in others, tax hikes would grow over time as the various provisions  change in the way that the President's plan says they would change.   You know, no matter what the President says, the tax burden is  getting heavier under his plan for middle-class families in every  State.   In Missouri, the tax burden on the average filer would be $618 higher  in 2026 than it is today. In New Hampshire, it would be $1,072 higher  than it is today. And maybe most importantly, in Nevada, it would be  $1,293 higher than it is today for the average taxpayer.   And if that doesn't convince you, there was another analysis  recently. This one was from the reliably liberal Tax Policy Center. It  predicted that three out of every four taxpayers earning $75,000 to  $100,000 a year would be worse off next year under the Biden plan.   By 2031, that organization estimates that 95 percent of the people  making between $75,000 and $100,000 would suffer losses on their tax  bill   The tax-and-spending spree envisions monster tax hikes on business,  but we all know when you raise taxes on business, they have to get the  money from somewhere.   In fact, there are only a couple places to get the money, and one is  from workers and one is from customers. And trying to figure out that  balance where you don't lose customers and you don't lose workers is  pretty hard to figure out. You really can't isolate middle-class  workers from these tax impacts. You also can't isolate middle-class  customers from these impacts. You can't keep those families from paying  higher prices when a chunk of the business tax that the President and  Democrats talk about have to get passed on to customers.   So President Biden's tax increases are likely to boost inflation even  more than we have seen already, and we have seen a lot of it already.  Go to the gas pump, go to the grocery store, go to buy clothes, go to  have the basic necessities you have to have, and you are going to see  that they are substantially higher than they were a year ago or 2 years  ago before COVID, a year ago during COVID.   The President's budget effectively repeals the individual tax cuts  enacted by Republicans in 2017. The cuts that were enacted in that law  for Americans, really, across income levels, have rate reductions that  have to be extended in 4 years. The President's plan doesn't call for  extending any of those rate reductions.   Under the President's proposal, someone making $94,000 per year will  see her marginal tax rate jump from 24 percent to 28 percent in 2026.   Added to that, you have got higher taxes that Democrats plan to  impose on family farmers and ranchers who are hoping to pass along  their family business to the next generation.   And, frankly, instead of advocating for these middle-class Americans  I have just talked about, our Democratic friends seem to be fixated on  restoring the tax break that overwhelmingly benefits wealthy Americans  in high-tax States. They are pushing to allow people to deduct more  than $10,000 in State and local taxes on their Federal returns.   That scheme, by the way, would allow the top 1 percent of earners to  increase their after-tax income by about 2.5 percent, 2.8 percent,  while the bottom 60 percent of all filers--if that law is changed back  to what it used to be, the bottom 60 percent of all filers would gain  less than one one-hundredth percent on average.   It is clear that President Biden's tax hikes will hit a lot of  Americans and a lot of Americans that make less than $400,000.   The higher tax costs will hurt people who are already struggling with  higher prices at the pump and everywhere they shop, and it will hurt  our economic recovery.   My friends may not want to admit--and I wouldn't either if I was  them--that they are going to raise taxes on middle-class families, but  that is exactly what they are doing. And if anybody doesn't know it  now, they will know it if Democrats in the Senate and the House get  their way.   I yield the floor.   