 Madam Speaker, I rise today to address and reject the  mischaracterized accusations from many in this body that the cartoon  from my office is dangerous or threatening. It was not, and I reject  the false narrative categorically.   I do not espouse violence toward anyone. I never have. It was not my  purpose to make anyone upset.   I voluntarily took the cartoon down not because it was itself a  threat, but because some thought it was. Out of compassion for those  who genuinely felt offense, I self-censored.   Last week, my staff posted a video depicting a policy battle  regarding amnesty for tens of millions of illegal aliens. This was an  anime that speaks to young voters who are too often overlooked.   Even Twitter, the left's mouthpiece, did not remove the cartoon,  noting it was in the public's interest for it to remain. The cartoon  directly contributes to the understanding and the discussion of the  real-life battle resulting from this administration's open border  policies.   This body is considering passage of Mr. Biden's reckless, socialist/ Marxist $4.9 trillion spending bill that provides $100 billion for  amnesty to tens of millions of illegal aliens already in this country.  This is what the left doesn't want the American people to know.   Our country is suffering from the plague of illegal immigration. I  won't stop pointing this out.   Millions of illegal aliens, drugs, and human traffickers are being  let in and moved around our country in the dead of night, all condoned  by this administration.   For this cartoon, some in Congress suggest I should be punished. I  have said decisively there is no threat in the cartoon other than the  threat that immigration poses to our country, and no threat was  intended by my staff or me.   The American people deserve to have their voices heard in Congress.  No matter how much the left tries to quiet me, I will continue to speak  out against amnesty for illegal aliens, defend the rule of law, and  advance the America First agenda.    If I must join Alexander Hamilton, the first person  attempted to be censured by this House, so be it. It is done.   