 Mr. Speaker, we heard about the justification for this  legislation, and we are discussing older job applicants. Just some  context that I would like to add about how well older job applicants  and workers have been faring in recent decades.   According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, for workers age 65 and  older, employment tripled from 1988 to 2018, while employment among  younger workers only grew by about one-third.   Among people age 75 and older, the number of employed people nearly  quadrupled, increasing from 461,000 in 1998 to 1.8 million in 2018.  [[Page H6162]]    The labor force participation rate for older workers has been  steadily increasing since the late 1990s, while participation rates for  younger age groups either declined or flattened during the same period.   Over the past 20 years, the number of older workers on full-time work  schedules grew 2\1/2\ times faster than the number working part time.   Full-time employees are now a majority of older workers. They were 61  percent in 2018, up from 46 percent in 1998.   These statistics paint a picture of rising full-time employment among  older workers, and they do not portray rampant discrimination against  older job applicants.   As the economy recovers from the pandemic, older workers will  continue to prosper.   H.R. 3992 is yet another Democrat bill in search of a problem. It  will result in an avalanche of class action litigation against  employers for using standard, reasonable recruiting methods, and I  encourage a ``no'' vote on the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, before considering any legislation, the  House should first make a determination about whether the proposal is  actually needed and then should always carefully study the pending  legislation to determine whether it will adequately and positively  address the issue it purports to address. Unfortunately, Democrats have  failed on both counts with H.R. 3992.   The bill was introduced only 8 legislative days before the Committee  on Education and Labor markup, and the committee did not hold a hearing  on the legislation.   As such, we are flying blind as we consider H.R. 3992 today.   H.R. 3992 authorizes disparate impact claims for job applicants under  the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, and it has wide-ranging and  damaging implications that need thorough examination.   Significantly, we have had no data on whether excluding job  applicants from disparate impact coverage under the ADEA has a  significant negative impact on older job applicants. Indeed, to date,  there have been zero circuit court decisions ruling that the ADEA  authorizes job applicants to sue under a disparate impact theory.   Further, we have no information about the numerous effects this  sweeping bill would have on job seekers and businessowners. As we have  heard during this debate, H.R. 3992 could needlessly interfere with  routine recruitment practices, such as college recruiting,  apprenticeship programs, and online job postings.   Given the appalling lack of data on the issue and the rush by  Democrats to pass the bill, this amendment simply requires the GAO to  conduct a needed study on whether excluding job applicants from  disparate impact coverage under the ADEA has a significant negative  impact on older job applicants. If the study finds no such negative  impact, the bill would not go into effect.   This House should not legislate in the dark. Unfortunately, this is  exactly what we are doing here today.   This amendment will shed some much-needed light on a far-reaching  bill that has not received proper examination.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I heard my colleague from Texas say that  they have had a hearing on the subject. Well, our contention is not the  subject, but the bill. There have been zero hearings on this bill,  which was introduced 8 legislative days ago.   So I don't know why there is a rush to judgment on whether we should  vote on this or not without making sure we understand all the issues.  And since the Democrats are unwilling to do that, this amendment makes  perfect sense, if you don't want to examine it and do that beforehand  and do the proper work up front. Let's make sure before this takes  effect and could harm older Americans or job creators, we should  understand the impacts and what it means.  [[Page H6167]]    So you can sit here and correct the Record all you want. What you  think you are doing when you talk about the subject, we are talking  about the legislation. And we need to know exactly what this  legislation is going to do and how it is going to impact older  Americans and our job creators.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   