 Madam President, in case anyone was wondering, there are  16 days left before Christmas--16 shopping days.   Now, I know I still have some shopping to do, and I look forward to  that, but it seems as though some of my colleagues have a jump on me.  Seems as though President Biden has a jump on me, and that is good  thinking because this year you can't start too early, with the supply  chain as bad as it is and the price of presents rising.   So why don't we gather around the Christmas tree to see what gifts  national Democrats are prepared to pass out on Christmas morning,  thanks to their reckless tax-and-spending spree.   To the leftwing labor unions, what do they offer? Democrats are  gifting billions of dollars in handouts to strengthen this core  constituency of  [[Page S9069]]  theirs. While they are letting charitable deductions expire in Build  Back Better, they have gift wrapped an above-the-line tax deduction for  union dues.   Let's see what we have here.   Well, that is a car. That is a car. And this is the labor union  present. Hmm. As a special Christmas surprise, it seems that the  Democrats have put under the tree a shiny new tax credit for electric  vehicles but only if those vehicles are made in a union shop--only a  union shop.   You see, if you are naughty, and you buy an electric vehicle from a  nonunion shop, like those that are made in my State of Indiana, you  will miss out on the Democrats' $4,500 holiday giveaway in this bill.  Apparently, during the Christmas season, the impact of electric  vehicles on climate change only matters if the workers' contracts are  collectively bargained.   Which brings us to another gift we have, and that is China. China has  a gift under the tree. Why don't we just open this China gift. Well,  that is a lot of money. The tax hikes on businesses large and small in  this bill will give China an unfair competitive advantage. Increasing  taxes on American employers by more than $800 billion, when they are  already struggling with supply chain issues and worker shortages--this  is going to do very little to bring jobs back home, jobs of the future  here in the United States of America, which is exactly why the Chinese  Communist Party and all of its leaders will love this very expensive  gift.   And the largest gift under the Washington Democrats' tree goes to--is  that--could that be? It says ``the rich.''   I am going to see what is in there.   Well, this must mean--it says SALT. By dramatically increasing the  cap on the State and local tax deduction, or what is known around here  as SALT for short, the once-proud party of the working class is giving  a tax cut to two-thirds of people earning more than $1 million a year.  Now, the average size of that tax cut is almost $17,000 a year for  millionaires. This is the new Democratic Party.   Merry Christmas. This is the single most expensive tax expenditure in  the Build Back Better Act, and it is the second biggest component of  the entire bill.   So, evidently, the national Democrats believe it is better to give  than to receive from millionaires so they proposed a tax cut for the  wealthiest Americans from the wealthiest cities in the wealthiest  States, gift wrapped from the Democratic Party.   So after the handouts and giveaways and entitlements and earmarks,  what is left for regular, middle-class working stiffs?   Well, we know that really big gifts come in smaller packages. So I  see this stocking here that says ``taxpayers'' on it. Let me see what  is in here.   Oh, my word. That looks like coal--a lump of coal. That lump of coal  must represent the massive $367 billion that will be added to the debt  by the Democrats' reckless tax-and-spending bill, according to the  nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, not to mention the 10 years of  tax increases included in the bill to pay for only a few years of  policy changes.   Of course, we all know that figure is going to be much higher in  reality. If all the temporary provisions in this bill are made  permanent, it will increase our budget deficit by nearly $3 trillion in  this decade. It seems the Democrats want our children and grandchildren  to pay for this bundle of goodies through the layaway plan.   GDP is expected to fall because of Build Back Better. The cost of  living is expected to rise even more because of Build Back Better. And  despite the promises of President Biden and my Senate Democratic  colleagues, despite their votes right here on this floor, if Build Back  Better were to become law, taxes would be raised on lower and middle- class Americans who are just trying to get by this Christmas season.   Ho, Ho, Ho. Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, this Christmas  season Democrats are not offering holiday jobs or good cheer. Instead,  this feels more like the nightmare before Christmas.   Colleagues, the best present that all of us can give the American  people is to do whatever is in our power to stop the Build Back Better  Act.   