 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session and the Intelligence Committee be  discharged from further consideration of PN 78-10, the nomination of  Avril Haines to be Director of National Intelligence; that the Senate  proceed to its consideration; that there be 10 minutes of debate on the  nomination equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or  yielding back of time, the Senate vote without intervening action or  debate; and that, if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified  of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, I rise in strong support of the nomination  of Avril Haines to be Director of National Intelligence.   Let me speak for a few moments, but I want to first of all thank  members of particularly the Intelligence Committee on both sides of the  aisle. My good friend, the Senator from Oregon, the Finance Committee  chair, is someone who has deep and passionate concerns about the civil  libertarian issues in our country. He is part of the yin; there is some  yang on that committee. He raised I think important questions with the  nominee, and I appreciate his courtesy in allowing this to move  forward.   But I also want to thank, at least until tomorrow, the chairman of  the committee, Senator Rubio, and my Republican colleagues as well.  When we discussed moving on this nomination in a very timely manner,  the good Chairman Rubio and Senator Burr worked with all the members of  the committee. I thank my friend, the Senator from Idaho, for his  courtesy as well.   I am very proud of the fact that the first nomination to be  considered under the Biden administration is going to be Ms. Haines. I  think that reflects the approach of the Intelligence Committee, and  again, I see the chair of the committee on the floor now, and I want to  thank him personally--Senator Rubio--while he is on the floor for that  courtesy.   I think part of the reason we were able to move so quickly is because  this position is of such critical importance to the country that it is  only appropriate that it be the first nomination to be confirmed by the  Senate.   Avril is extraordinarily qualified for the role, having worked in  national security for most of the last two decades. After working for  several years at the State Department, Ms. Haines came here to the  Senate, where she worked on the Foreign Relations Committee as a deputy  chief counsel. Following another stint at State, Ms. Haines moved to  the White House, where she served 3 years as a Deputy Assistant to the  President and Deputy Counsel for National Security.   In June of 2013, President Obama chose Ms. Haines to serve as the  Deputy Director of the CIA, making her  [[Page S71]]  the first woman to hold that office. Ms. Haines served with the Agency  until 2015, at which point she moved to academia and the private  sector. She was a senior researcher at Columbia University, a senior  fellow at Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Lab, and a member of the  National Commission on Military, National, and Public Service.   Avril Haines has all the qualifications we would want for a DNI. But  more than that, I believe she is firmly committed to rebuilding the  office of the Director of National Intelligence and reestablishing the  role of that office as not only the coordinator of our Nation's  intelligence community but as an adviser to the President and Congress  that will not shy away from telling the hard truths.   Since Ms. Haines was nominated for this role by President Biden, I  spent a fair amount of time talking to her about her future as the  Director of National Intelligence and the enormous job that she will be  taking on.   In our conversations and in her confirmation hearings, Ms. Haines was  strong and thoughtful about the future challenges our country will  face. My first question to her was about China. Her answer was equally  clear-eyed, pointing out the many ways in which China is an adversary  to our Nation by stealing IP or hacking our systems and undermining our  security, while also pointing out that there are many places where we  will have to engage with China as a partner, like on tackling climate  change.   She had equally focused answers about the role of Iran as a state  sponsor of terror and the need to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear  weapon.   For every question she was asked by my colleagues on the committee,  she demonstrated that she understood not only the challenges of the  coming future but the IC's role in understanding those issues and  meeting them head on.   I have also been impressed from the beginning--and continue to be  impressed--by her understanding of the important role of the DNI and  the IC and her commitment to making sure that the IC tells policymakers  what they need to hear, not only what they want to hear.   The last 4 years have been hard on the intelligence community. You  only have to read a newspaper or turn on a TV at some point to know  that. Since the 2016 election, the IC has faced false accusations of  trying to undermine the then-President and seen many of their leaders  fired for simply doing the right thing, speaking truth to power. It  should surprise no one that all of this has led to some damage within  the IC, particularly to morale.   I believe that Avril Haines is the right nominee to repair this  damage. She will support the men and women of the IC and protect them  from political pressure. She will insist that they tell us their best  analysis and not shy away from telling decision makers that their  cherished beliefs are wrong. She will insist on telling truth to power.   Ultimately, this is why I urge my colleagues to send a strong message  of support for the men and women of the IC and to support Avril Haines  for DNI. She is capable, qualified, and will undertake the serious  responsibilities with a clear-eyed sense of promise.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to yield back all  time.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   