 Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues in  honoring the 13 servicemembers who were killed in action in Afghanistan  last month doing what only the bravest and the most extraordinary  Americans do: risking their lives to save others.   Every name has been mentioned on the floor today, but no matter how  often we mention those names, we can't restore those individuals to  their families. We can't restore them to their communities. We can't  restore them to the people they served side by side with in the  military.   But we can remember what they did--what they did collectively, and  what they did individually.   One of the marines we tragically lost in the attack at Kabul airport  was Lance Corporal Jared Schmitz of Wentzville, MO. He was just 6  months old on 9/11. In fact, we have seen that discussion many times of  people who now give their life who were babies or not yet born on 9/11,  20 years ago.   Even though he was 6 months old on 9/11, he knew what he wanted to  be, and he knew he wanted to be a marine by the time he was a sophomore  in high school. He started training as a teenager, years before he  enlisted. After graduating from Fort Zumwalt South High School in St.  Peters, MO, he realized his dream. He joined the Marines and served as  an infantryman.   Jared's father Mark Schmitz says his son--this is his father's quote  and it is a great thing to be able to say about your son. Mark Schmitz  said his son ``looked out for everybody. Anyone who needed help, he was  there. He was selfless. He never put himself first.''   Of course, we see another moment when he and the others whose lives  were lost and others who were injured--some dramatically injured-- didn't put themselves first; they put others first.   Friends remember Jared as energetic, as happy, as a faithful fan of  the St. Louis Blues. Others will remember him as 1 of 56 Missourians  who made the ultimate sacrifice as part of the either Operation  Enduring Freedom or Operation Freedom's Sentinel.   We remember and honor each and every one of these heroes from our  State and heroes from every State who have given their lives for  freedom in this post-9/11 world, where we don't know exactly where the  borders are or who--where the enemy might be at any given time, whether  they are going to strike at home, where we live, or whether they are  going to strike far away, where others are representing us and  defending us. We remember and honor each of them.   We pray for their families and all who will feel the loss for the  rest of their lives. We need to now do our part every day to live lives  worthy of their sacrifice, never taking for granted the freedom and  security we have because they were called to serve and support it and  guarantee it for another generation.   I know I join all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle as we  think of  [[Page S6478]]  those who are serving today, those who are willing to pay the ultimate  cost and, particularly today, as we focus on these 13 individuals who  did pay that price.   I yield the floor.   