 Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of tribal nations in  Arizona and across the nation that are struggling to protect the health  and welfare of their citizens.   As Chairman of the Subcommittee for Indigenous Peoples of the U.S.  last Congress, I heard from countless leaders about how this pandemic  has impacted them. We heard their stories about the loss of elders, the  challenges their children face trying to engage in distance learning  without access to broadband internet, and the near total collapse of  on-reservation economies that provide critical jobs for tribal members  and funds for government services.   While the CARES Act funding passed last year for Tribes was a  lifeline, it was not nearly enough to address the disparate impact of  this pandemic on Indigenous people and communities across the country.  That is why I fought so hard to ensure that Tribes would not be short- changed in further COVID-19 relief efforts and why I am so proud that  House and Senate Democratic leadership has approved the largest one- time investment in Native communities in our history.   The American Rescue Plan includes more than $28 billion for tribal  governments. This is a real, meaningful investment that will allow  Native communities to respond to the wide-ranging effects of the virus  on their communities and that will begin to address the shameful  federal history of ignoring the needs of Native communities.   The package specifically includes $20 billion in direct relief for  Tribal governments. Importantly, these funds will be able to be used  more flexibly by Tribes than CARES Act relief dollars, enabling Tribes  to help struggling businesses cover the cost of employees, develop 21st  century infrastructure, and address the health and economic barriers  that worsened the pandemic in Tribal nations. Additionally, many tribal  communities have lost elders who are the keepers of their languages,  history, and cultural teachings at an alarming rate--the loss of this  knowledge exacerbating the existing crisis of Native language loss.  American Rescue Plan funding will be critical for Tribes to cover  government programs that will help preserve Native languages and  culture.  [[Page H1284]]    Last Congress, the Subcommittee for Indigenous Peoples heard from  Tribes about inadequacies in the distribution of Coronavirus Relief  Funds to Tribes under the CARES Act. The decision to solely rely on  Indian Housing Block Grant formula for the calculation of tribal  population resulted in dramatically inaccurate counts for many Tribes.  I have been very encouraged by this administration's renewed commitment  to Tribal consultation, and I urge the administration to continue to  make good on that commitment by consulting with and deferring to Tribes  on the fairest and most accurate way to determine Tribal enrollment  population for the purposes of the American Rescue Plan.   Finally, in order to maximize the effectiveness of this historic  investment in Native communities, the American Rescue Plan relief  funding must be distributed on an equitable basis. That is why I am  proud of the American Rescue Plan's establishment of a minimum payment  to ensure every Tribe receives a strong baseline of support. We also  heard from Tribes that equitable distribution should include the  utilization of both Tribal population and economic and employment data.  Once again, it is my hope that the Biden Administration will rely on  Tribal consultation in this area when deciding how best to distribute  this desperately needed relief in an equitable, timely, and effective  manner.   Mr. Speaker, thank you for the opportunity to highlight this  important and historic investment in Tribal Nations, who have showed  leadership and resilience even as COVID-19 devastated their  communities. I look forward to working with my colleagues and with this  Administration to ensure quick and effective implementation of this  bill in the coming weeks.   