 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chair of the  House Judiciary Committee, Jerry Nadler, for yielding, and for his  extraordinary leadership in moving this important piece of legislation  forward.   Mr. Speaker, I also thank Kelly Armstrong, who is the lead Republican  who has sponsored this legislation, for his advocacy and his efforts to  advance this critical piece of legislation. And I thank my good friend,  the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. Gohmert), who indicated  that we had had a previous conversation with then-Congressman Cedric  Richmond at a Judiciary Committee hearing about his willingness to be  supportive of moving forward with a bill to deal with the sentencing  disparity that relates to crack cocaine and powder cocaine.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1693, the EQUAL Act,  legislation that will finally eliminate the Federal crack and powder  cocaine sentencing disparity, which has devastated lives and families  and communities throughout the country.   As has been indicated, in 1986, shortly after the tragic death of  basketball star, Len Bias, the Anti-Drug Abuse Act established a 100:1  disparity in sentencing for crack cocaine and powder cocaine. As a  result, 500 grams of powder and 5 grams of crack triggered the same 5- year mandatory prison sentence.   Yet, there is no policy justification for punishing crack cocaine  offenses more harshly than the same offense involving powder cocaine.  And there is no pharmacological difference between how the body  processes crack cocaine and how it processes powder cocaine,  notwithstanding the thinking at the time.   Where there is a difference is the law's impact on communities of  color. The burden has disproportionately fallen on African-American  communities. 77.1 percent of the crack cocaine offenders convicted were  Black, while most powder cocaine traffickers are non-Black.   There was an overall impact as well. Our system of mass incarceration  costs us at least $180 billion per year, money that could otherwise be  invested in the well-being of everyday Americans in inner-city America,  rural America, suburban America, small-town America, Appalachia as  well.   Policy and this failed war on drugs has not resulted in improved  public safety, which is why the EQUAL Act is supported by law  enforcement groups like the Major Cities Chiefs Association, the  Association of Prosecuting Attorneys, and perhaps most importantly, the  National District Attorneys Association.   Recognizing the sentencing disparity as a failure, Congress has acted  several times to incrementally address this disparity. In 2010, with  passage of the Fair Sentencing Act, the disparity was reduced from  100:1 to 18:1, in legislation signed into law by then-President Barack  Obama. In 2018, with the First Step Act, legislation signed into law by  then-President Donald Trump, that 18:1 sentencing disparity was made  retroactive. And now Congress has an opportunity to finish the job.   Today, the House of Representatives is poised in a bipartisan way to  get that done.   Fifty years ago, the failed war on drugs was first launched when the  President at the time declared drug abuse public enemy number one. At  the time there were less than 300,000 people incarcerated in America.  Today, 2.3 million--disproportionately Black and Latino, many of them  nonviolent drug offenders--who instead of receiving incarceration  should have received drug treatment.   It was a failed policy then. And we can't repeat that policy today,  as so many folks are dealing with the scourge of opioid addiction. That  is why I am so thankful that we are coming together to pass the EQUAL  Act to end the disparity and to address the error of mass  incarceration.   