 Madam President, I want to thank my colleague from Utah,  Senator Mike Lee, for his remarks.   Last week, with the stroke of a pen, President Biden eliminated  critical pro-life protections. He reversed the Mexico City policy and  began the process of dismantling title X protections against abortion.   I am glad to join Senator Lee, Senator Blackburn, along with several  other pro-life Senators fighting back and calling on the Senate to pass  the important bills today to reverse President Biden's pro-abortion  actions.   The bottom line is, President Biden's actions were basically a  handout to Planned Parenthood. It is no surprise, as Planned Parenthood  spent millions to get the President elected. Now they are simply  cashing in--this time, on the taxpayer's dime.   The United States should not spend taxpayer dollars to support a  radical abortion agenda throughout the world, and we should absolutely  not allow a slush fund of taxpayer dollars to line the pockets of  Planned Parenthood.   I also want to thank my colleague Senator Inhofe, who urged the  Senate to pass his bill today to protect babies with Down syndrome from  being targeted for abortion.   Now, I watched what happened here just minutes ago. The Democrats  objected. It is truly astounding. This bill should have passed  unanimously, and it really exposes a terrible hypocrisy.   Most Republicans and Democrats today in Congress are unified in  support for the Special Olympics. We are unified in supporting  protecting those individuals with disabilities. Yet my colleagues  across the aisle today opposed this commonsense legislation that would  stop the most lethal kind of discrimination--the most lethal kind of  discrimination imaginable--and that is being singled out and brutally  killed simply because of a Down syndrome diagnosis.   Last week, I stood right here to bring attention to this very  chilling issue. Today, babies with Down syndrome are the most  endangered on Earth. In fact,  [[Page S306]]  sadly, in the United States, 67 percent of babies diagnosed with Down  syndrome are aborted. That is two out of three.   And, for me, this is personal. Last week, I shared the story of a  sweet baby boy named Andrew. He is the son of some of my very good  friends. Andrew has Down's. He brings light and joy to his family's  life every day. He has an older brother, an older sister. I can tell  you, this world, their family would not be the same without him.   I am deeply concerned that for babies with Down syndrome, abortion  has become a tool of eugenics. It is the duty of this body to end this  lethal discrimination. It is our duty to protect every innocent life,  no matter how small, no matter how many chromosomes they may have.   I believe every human being is created with God-given dignity and  God-given protection. No court, no legislature, no law can take that  away.   I will not give up this fight, and I know many of my colleagues  standing here today will not give up as well.   I want to thank Senator Lee.   I yield the floor back to Senator Lee.   