 Mr. President, I am so proud and honored to be with  my colleagues Senator Leahy, Senator Durbin, and Senator Warnock--all  of us who are championing the Senate version of the John R. Lewis  Voting Rights Advancement Act. I think any of us would be honored to be  spearheading a bill named for one of our heroes.   This bill has particular significance to all of us because we lived  through the time--the summer of 1965--when States mercilessly attacked  John Lewis and 600 others as they crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge in  Selma, AL, in peaceful protest to protect their right to vote.   In the wake of that attack, as the Nation came together to grieve,  President Johnson joined with Congress to pursue, as he put it, ``an  end to voting discrimination in America.''   Roughly a week after the attack, President Johnson called for  comprehensive voting rights legislation. Two days later, Congress  announced that it would take up that legislation. So by early August,  just 5 months after ``Bloody Sunday'' in Selma, the Voting Rights Act  was passed by Congress with broad bipartisan support and became, again  in the words of President Johnson, ``one of the most monumental laws in  the entire history of American freedom.''   Today, with the introduction of this legislation, we honor the legacy  of John Lewis. We honor everyone involved in that great movement at the  time that advanced civil rights and liberty, the most fundamental being  the right to vote, and we honor the fight itself to protect the  franchise.   A century after the Civil War ended, our Nation had failed to  eradicate the blight of racial discrimination in voting. The promise of  equality--political equality as well as economic equality--remained  unfulfilled for Black citizens.   The Voting Rights Act did what even the 14th and 15th Amendments  failed to do, proving to be a uniquely powerful tool with the capacity  to meet ever-new forms of discrimination through its preclearance  regime.   Then, in 2013, the U.S. Supreme Court, in Shelby County--well known  to all of us--gutted, absolutely eviscerated the highly effective  preclearance regime, jeopardizing the progress the Voting Rights Act  made over the course of half a century.   As Justice Ginsburg said in her moving and powerful dissent in  Shelby, until Congress enacted the Voting Rights Act's preclearance  requirement, early attempts to cope with the vile infection of racial  discrimination in voting ``resembled battling the Hydra. Whenever one  form of voting discrimination was identified and prohibited, others  sprang up in their place.''   Today's reinvigorated efforts to deprive members of minority groups  from equal access to the ballot box through more subtle, second- generation barriers prove that a new preclearance regime is needed now  more than ever.   This year alone, we have experienced the most destructive legislative  session for voting rights in generations, with States and localities  enacting a torrent of new voting restrictions, all of it designed to  suppress the vote, to curtail the franchise, to move back the clock on  voting rights.   Between January 1 and July 14 of this year, more than 400 voting  restriction bills have been introduced in 49 States--49 States--and 18  States successfully enacted 30 laws that make it harder for people to  vote.   These laws make mail voting and early voting more difficult. They  manipulate the boundaries of districts to reduce minority  representation, and they have led to the purge of up to 3.1 million  voters from the rolls in areas that were once covered by the Voting  Rights Act preclearance requirement.   In short, this threat is more than just speculative, far from  imaginative or suggestive. The threat is real and urgent. In fact, it  is more than a threat. It is action now moving forward in States.   Today's legislation would confront this resurgence of voting  restrictions very directly. The new John Lewis Voting Rights  Advancement Act includes new formulas to revive preclearance.   By focusing specifically on jurisdictions with a proven history of  discrimination and on preventing specific known discriminatory  practices from taking effect in areas of increasing diversity before  they can do damage, this new preclearance coverage formula responds to  the Supreme Court's concerns and will allow the Voting Rights Act to  keep pace with present conditions and America's rapidly changing  demographics.   The bill also reinvigorates the Department of Justice's ability to  challenge discriminatory laws already in effect, reversing the Supreme  Court's latest attack on Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act in Brnovich  v. Democratic National Committee. That 6-3 partisan decision was a  stunning display of judicial overreach--a highly political, highly  partisan decision that gives new meaning to the phrase ``judicial  activism,'' a case of judicial overreach.   Protecting the right to vote, very simply, should not be a partisan  issue. In fact, voting rights are widely supported throughout American  society--on the left, right, center, private, and in public sectors.   Since the original inception of the Voting Rights Act of 1965,  overwhelming bipartisan majorities of both Houses of Congress  reauthorized the Voting Rights Act five times.   Let me repeat: Both Houses of Congress, bipartisan majority,  overwhelming vote, five times since the original passage of the Voting  Rights Act in 1965.   And for nearly a century after the Civil War and before the Voting  Rights Act, the scourge of racial discrimination in voting challenged  our Nation's core commitment to these ideals of democracy. From that  century of sacrifice and suffering came the Voting Rights Act and its  extraordinary commitment to realizing our Nation's highest ideals; and  for decades, it worked with bipartisan support overwhelmingly.   The Judiciary Committee, under the leadership of Senator Durbin and  Senator Leahy, has documented powerfully the need for this Act.   And my Subcommittee on the Constitution has held one hearing already.  We will have another shortly that will set the record--in fact, provide  the evidentiary support--that the Supreme Court erroneously found  lacking in its Shelby decision.   As a tsunami of voter suppression bills crashes against the shores of  our democracy, my hope is that today we can renew a bipartisan  commitment to protecting voting rights in this country.   I am proud to help lead this effort in the Senate, and I want to  thank my colleagues again for being on the floor today.    Mr. President, I am so proud and honored to be with  my colleagues Senator Leahy, Senator Durbin, and Senator Warnock--all  of us who are championing the Senate version of the John R. Lewis  Voting Rights Advancement Act. I think any of us would be honored to be  spearheading a bill named for one of our heroes.   This bill has particular significance to all of us because we lived  through the time--the summer of 1965--when States mercilessly attacked  John Lewis and 600 others as they crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge in  Selma, AL, in peaceful protest to protect their right to vote.   In the wake of that attack, as the Nation came together to grieve,  President Johnson joined with Congress to pursue, as he put it, ``an  end to voting discrimination in America.''   Roughly a week after the attack, President Johnson called for  comprehensive voting rights legislation. Two days later, Congress  announced that it would take up that legislation. So by early August,  just 5 months after ``Bloody Sunday'' in Selma, the Voting Rights Act  was passed by Congress with broad bipartisan support and became, again  in the words of President Johnson, ``one of the most monumental laws in  the entire history of American freedom.''   Today, with the introduction of this legislation, we honor the legacy  of John Lewis. We honor everyone involved in that great movement at the  time that advanced civil rights and liberty, the most fundamental being  the right to vote, and we honor the fight itself to protect the  franchise.   A century after the Civil War ended, our Nation had failed to  eradicate the blight of racial discrimination in voting. The promise of  equality--political equality as well as economic equality--remained  unfulfilled for Black citizens.   The Voting Rights Act did what even the 14th and 15th Amendments  failed to do, proving to be a uniquely powerful tool with the capacity  to meet ever-new forms of discrimination through its preclearance  regime.   Then, in 2013, the U.S. Supreme Court, in Shelby County--well known  to all of us--gutted, absolutely eviscerated the highly effective  preclearance regime, jeopardizing the progress the Voting Rights Act  made over the course of half a century.   As Justice Ginsburg said in her moving and powerful dissent in  Shelby, until Congress enacted the Voting Rights Act's preclearance  requirement, early attempts to cope with the vile infection of racial  discrimination in voting ``resembled battling the Hydra. Whenever one  form of voting discrimination was identified and prohibited, others  sprang up in their place.''   Today's reinvigorated efforts to deprive members of minority groups  from equal access to the ballot box through more subtle, second- generation barriers prove that a new preclearance regime is needed now  more than ever.   This year alone, we have experienced the most destructive legislative  session for voting rights in generations, with States and localities  enacting a torrent of new voting restrictions, all of it designed to  suppress the vote, to curtail the franchise, to move back the clock on  voting rights.   Between January 1 and July 14 of this year, more than 400 voting  restriction bills have been introduced in 49 States--49 States--and 18  States successfully enacted 30 laws that make it harder for people to  vote.   These laws make mail voting and early voting more difficult. They  manipulate the boundaries of districts to reduce minority  representation, and they have led to the purge of up to 3.1 million  voters from the rolls in areas that were once covered by the Voting  Rights Act preclearance requirement.   In short, this threat is more than just speculative, far from  imaginative or suggestive. The threat is real and urgent. In fact, it  is more than a threat. It is action now moving forward in States.   Today's legislation would confront this resurgence of voting  restrictions very directly. The new John Lewis Voting Rights  Advancement Act includes new formulas to revive preclearance.   By focusing specifically on jurisdictions with a proven history of  discrimination and on preventing specific known discriminatory  practices from taking effect in areas of increasing diversity before  they can do damage, this new preclearance coverage formula responds to  the Supreme Court's concerns and will allow the Voting Rights Act to  keep pace with present conditions and America's rapidly changing  demographics.   The bill also reinvigorates the Department of Justice's ability to  challenge discriminatory laws already in effect, reversing the Supreme  Court's latest attack on Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act in Brnovich  v. Democratic National Committee. That 6-3 partisan decision was a  stunning display of judicial overreach--a highly political, highly  partisan decision that gives new meaning to the phrase ``judicial  activism,'' a case of judicial overreach.   Protecting the right to vote, very simply, should not be a partisan  issue. In fact, voting rights are widely supported throughout American  society--on the left, right, center, private, and in public sectors.   Since the original inception of the Voting Rights Act of 1965,  overwhelming bipartisan majorities of both Houses of Congress  reauthorized the Voting Rights Act five times.   Let me repeat: Both Houses of Congress, bipartisan majority,  overwhelming vote, five times since the original passage of the Voting  Rights Act in 1965.   And for nearly a century after the Civil War and before the Voting  Rights Act, the scourge of racial discrimination in voting challenged  our Nation's core commitment to these ideals of democracy. From that  century of sacrifice and suffering came the Voting Rights Act and its  extraordinary commitment to realizing our Nation's highest ideals; and  for decades, it worked with bipartisan support overwhelmingly.   The Judiciary Committee, under the leadership of Senator Durbin and  Senator Leahy, has documented powerfully the need for this Act.   And my Subcommittee on the Constitution has held one hearing already.  We will have another shortly that will set the record--in fact, provide  the evidentiary support--that the Supreme Court erroneously found  lacking in its Shelby decision.   As a tsunami of voter suppression bills crashes against the shores of  our democracy, my hope is that today we can renew a bipartisan  commitment to protecting voting rights in this country.   I am proud to help lead this effort in the Senate, and I want to  thank my colleagues again for being on the floor today.   