 Mr. Speaker, I think everybody in this body  wants an infrastructure bill. We all want to see better roads and  bridges. We want to see more sustainable, resilient communities.   Mr. Speaker, this bill, about half of it actually is money for  infrastructure. About half.   Looking back over the last few years that I have been here, we have  been able to work through, we have been able to cut red tape, break  logjams. In fact, projects, Mr. Speaker, that date back to before I was  born, we have been able to work through all of the obstacles and  impediments and get the authorization in place and get them funded.   This bill doesn't give us a fair shot. Let me explain. Mr. Speaker,  in the law today it describes the criteria for how dollars are supposed  to be handed out under various grant programs. The Secretary of  Transportation came out and ignored all of that and invented his own  new criteria for climate change, for racial equity, and for  environmental justice.   I don't have any problems with those objectives, but what in the  world do they have to do with transportation? When we saw them applied  for the first time, we saw a community of 30,000 people get a $92  million grant, and it doesn't have national significance as the law  requires.   In the President's budget for the Corps of Engineers, there is  language in there that says they are going to fund projects that  promote environmental justice in disadvantaged communities in line with  Justice40; they are going to fund projects that promote a chance to  join a union; and that they are going to refuse to fund projects that  help to lower the cost of production of energy, lower the cost of  consumption of energy, or that raises the revenue of energy-producing  companies.   Mr. Speaker, this doesn't have anything to do with infrastructure.  Why are they politically manipulating the dollars? As was noted, all  the transit funds from these bills would fund almost 7 billion rides  with Lyft or Uber. Why are we dumping all this money into empty buses?  We need to spend it on real infrastructure, real priorities in a  transparent, fair proces. This bill, unfortunately, fails to achieve  those objectives.   