 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's courtesy.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1 is the most significant democracy reform package  in a generation. It will make it easier to vote--regardless of income,  ability, geography, or race; ends the domination of big money in  politics; and enacts tougher ethics standards to ensure that public  officials actually work for the American people.   Mr. Speaker, I am particularly proud of three provisions that I  helped incorporate into this bill:   Bringing the Oregon vote-by-mail model nationwide;   Paving the way for all States to offer vote-by-mail and early voting;   And automatic voter registration for individuals interacting with  State agencies.   Mr. Speaker, this is personal for me. I started my political career  as a college student, testifying before the Senate Judiciary Committee  on the constitutional amendment to lower the voting age. I spent 2  years of my life working in Oregon on that and on the national  campaign. Subsequently, I was on a national commission from the Ford  Foundation, the National League of Women Voters, and the Civic League  to deal with how we were to reform the election process to make it more  uniform and easier for the American people.  [[Page H868]]    Mr. Speaker, I was proud of that work, but I am a little embarrassed  that that was four decades ago and we are still talking about the need  for those reforms. And as my colleagues have mentioned, there are  people right now in various State legislatures that are actively  continuing a process of making it hard for Americans to vote. This is  embarrassing. This isn't just a matter of what happened with civil  rights, this has been refined as a high art to be able to gerrymander  people into unrepresentative patterns that undercuts the ability of  politicians selecting their voters, rather than people selecting their  politicians.   Mr. Speaker, I have been pained by the lies that have been made about  mail-in voting. I am the first Member of the House of Representatives  to be elected as a result of a mail-in ballot. We pioneered that in  1996, and we have continued to pioneer that effort. And it is secure,  it is convenient, it saves money for local government. It allows people  to process this in their own home, in their own time, in their own way.  In an era of the pandemic, it provides health--keeping older poll  workers from being exposed.   The notion that somehow this is a problem that justified some of the  outrageous statements and behavior, defies description.    Mr. Speaker, I am pained with this misrepresentation  that the President of the United States would denigrate mail-in  balloting while he, in fact, does it. This has been done by Republicans  and Democrats alike. It is secure. It is safe. And it helps the  American people.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge approval of H.R. 1 and rejection of the  bogus claims about the problems alleged with mail-in ballots. It is the  most secure. It is the most effective. And it is one that I think the  public deserves.   