 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, every Member of the House ought to vote for this  resolution--every one of you. I see one shaking their head vigorously  ``no.''   For those of us who have been here for some time, we have seen  extraordinary energy exercised by the other side of the aisle in  conducting oversight. Mr. Burton from Indiana summoned tens and tens  more and ten thereafter, on and on and on, to hold accountable an  administration with whom he did not agree and thought was not doing the  right thing. And he issued subpoena after subpoena after subpoena.   The reason I say every one of us ought to vote for this is because  this institution needs this power. This institution is charged under  the Constitution with protecting the welfare of the American people and  expanding the opportunities of our people.   To do so, as the gentlewoman from Wyoming has observed, we need to  gather information, and in the conduct of gathering that information,  it must be our ability to compel people to testify, to come before the  Congress of the United States and tell us facts that we need.   Now, my Republican friends, when they were in charge, thought there  was some type of wrongdoing, which resulted in the loss of four lives,  tragically, in Benghazi, Libya. They had eight separate hearings on  that issue, the last of which was the select committee led by Trey  Gowdy of South Carolina. Every one of those committees reached the same  conclusion, but there were eight of them.   Madam Speaker, perhaps some of my Republican friends will recall that  Hillary Clinton, the Secretary of State during that time, appeared for  11 hours before one of these committees, the select committee.   Madam Speaker, I have a speech here that deals with what the  gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows, has done. I have chosen not  to give this speech because the issue, in my view, is not what Meadows  has done, but clearly in contempt, as the gentlewoman from Wyoming  pointed out so factually, but it is about this institution, about  whether or not a President or anybody else can simply say, ``I will not  testify,'' and then take months and months and months.    Now, the gentleman who just spoke, the gentleman from Indiana,  laments the fact that we have this committee. But the gentleman from  Indiana voted against forming an equally numbered committee to be set  up to adjudge this issue. He voted against that, as did his Republican  colleagues, save a few. And now he comes and says, Oh, my goodness,  this is not what I wanted. But like so many of his colleagues, he voted  against what he says he wanted.   Madam Speaker, the gentleman from Indiana who just spoke voted  against holding in contempt Steve Bannon not because of any executive  privilege. He was a private citizen, not a member of the President's  Cabinet. And the gentleman from Indiana voted against having him honor  a subpoena of the Congress of the United States.   Yes, it ought to be noted that, at the time of the insurrection, we  had a vote on whether to confirm what court after court after court had  said was a legitimate election. He voted against certifying the  election of the President of the United States. So I am not surprised  that the gentleman from Indiana does not want to see this subpoena  honored because, Madam Speaker, I believe that he fears the information  that would be brought forward. Fearing the truth is not an excuse for  not honoring a subpoena of this Congress.   So, again, it is not just simply the actions of Mr. Meadows that are  at issue here. What is at issue here is what power does the Congress  have to get the information it needs--in this case, the most important  information it needs to achieve one of its most important objectives,  which the gentlewoman from Wyoming has not only talked about but has  shown extraordinary courage in standing up to her party. She is, after  all, the former chair of the Republican Conference, the daughter of a  Vice President of the United States and former Secretary of Defense and  former minority whip of this House, who has shown extraordinary courage  in the face of almost united opposition on her side of the aisle,  leading to her removal from the position she held.   Would that all of us all the time have the courage of our convictions  that the gentlewoman from Wyoming has shown.   So I say to my colleagues, all 434 or 433 of us here----    I do not yield.    Madam Speaker, first let me say that I respect the  gentleman's service in the United States Navy as I respect all of our  men and women in the Armed Forces of the United States.   Let me end as I began. All of us ought to vote for this motion to  hold somebody in contempt who refuses to come forth, who is clearly  and, obviously, in contempt of the Congress of the United States. I  urge every Member on behalf of this institution, not on behalf of any  political party; on behalf of our democracy, not on behalf of  Democrats; on behalf of the Constitution of  [[Page H7788]]  the United States to vote ``yea'' on this resolution.   