 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, our Nation still mourns the unacceptable violence and  anarchy that took place in this Capitol last week. As we speak, arrests  are still being made, and the anarchists who stormed our Capitol are  being brought to justice, as should be the case.   Emotions are still high, but in this moment, we need to be focused on  toning down the rhetoric and helping heal this Nation as we move toward  a peaceful transition of power to President-elect Joe Biden next week.   My prayers, Madam Speaker, are still with Capitol Police Officers  Sicknick and Liebengood, who we lost, as well as all the Capitol Police  officers who risked their lives to keep us safe. They are true heroes,  and they deserve all of our applause today.   Madam Speaker, I have seen the dark evil of political violence  firsthand, and it needs to stop. But all of us need to be unequivocal  in calling it out every single time we see it, not just when it comes  from the other side of the aisle.   I oppose this rushed impeachment brought forward without a single  hearing. By the way, the Senate will not even take this up until  President Trump is out of office, so let's keep that in mind. It will  only serve to further divide a Nation that is calling out for healing.   Madam Speaker, many speakers today have invoked one of our Nation's  greatest leaders, President Abraham Lincoln. Maybe we should follow  some of Lincoln's wisdom that he has imparted upon us in moments like  this.   As Abraham Lincoln was giving his second inaugural address in March  1865, Lincoln issued us a challenge. This is what he said: ``With  malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right,  as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work  we are in, to bind up the Nation's wounds, to care for him who shall  have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan, to do all which  may achieve and cherish a just and a lasting peace among ourselves and  with all nations.''   Madam Speaker, in times like these, let us not reach out to our  darkest demons, but instead, like Lincoln, seek the higher ground. May  God bless this great United States of America.   