 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here to speak on the upcoming  methane Congressional Review Act matter and speak in support of  overturning the Trump misrule regarding the problem of methane  emissions.   Let's just start by setting the stage that about one-quarter of the  global warming that we have experienced has been due to methane and  about one-third of that is due to the activities of the oil and gas  industry. So this is a very significant part of our climate problem--I  should say our climate and oceans problem--and we don't actually know  how bad it is.   The Environmental Defense Fund has recently estimated that methane  emissions from oil and natural gas operations could be as much as 60  percent higher than previous estimates. So it is a significant part of  the problem.   One of the reasons we don't know how bad the problem is, is because  of the way the oil and gas industry has behaved about reporting its  methane problem. Now, just to understand, what the natural gas industry  would like to tell you is that natural gas is a far cleaner fuel, far  safer from a climate perspective, than coal or than oil--bunker oil or  whatever else you want to burn. And it is true that once natural gas  has been burned at the burner tip, it is less harmful. But what the  natural gas industry wants you to forget is everything between the well  and the burner tip because through that enormous web of piping occurs  so much leakage that satellites flying overhead can pick up the pools  of methane floating in our atmosphere from the leakage. The natural gas  industry doesn't want to talk about that.   One of the things that they did is they got the Trump administration  to, early on, withdraw EPA's request that in the previous  administration the industries more or less agreed to that would have  required oil and gas companies to report on their methane emissions.  When the fossil fuel apparatchiks occupied in the Trump  [[Page S2264]]  administration the offices at EPA, Energy, and Interior, and other  places important to the industry, they did what the industry wanted,  and the very first thing, March 2, 2017, was to withdraw the request  that would have had oil and gas companies report how bad their methane  leakage actually was.   It didn't take long to follow that up on March 28, with an Executive  order from Trump directing EPA to suspend or rescind existing methane  regulations for the oil and gas industry.   But that wasn't enough for the oil and gas industry. On April 19,  they got EPA to postpone implementation of a rule that would have  required them to equip new wells with equipment to prevent methane  leaks. You wouldn't think that would be asking too much, particularly  from an industry that wants to tell everybody that it is better for the  climate and the environment than the rest of the fossil fuel industry.  But no, they asked EPA to undo that requirement so they could more  readily leak methane from new wells.   Even that wasn't enough. In May of 2017, they got the Department of  the Interior to suspend a rule that would have required oil and gas  companies to curb the flaring of methane from their oil and gas wells  on public lands.   And then again, September 11, 2018, they got EPA to propose a rule to  weaken the methane leak detection and repair requirements for their new  wells--weaken the detection and repair requirements for methane leakage  from their own wells.   Then they proposed a second rule to eliminate EPA's regulatory  authority over methane emissions from oil and gas facilities. That is  getting a little bit out there because methane is a greenhouse gas  regulable as a pollutant by the EPA, and it also has a whole lot of  unfortunate characteristics for people who have to breathe it in  entirely apart from the climate harm and damage it does. But that is  what the oil and gas industry wanted the EPA to do, to eliminate its  regulatory authority over methane emissions.   Then, more recently, on August 13, 2020, they got EPA to promulgate a  rule to eliminate that rule--to eliminate that regulatory authority  over methane emissions from oil and gas facilities.   This is dirty conduct by an industry, to take advantage of its  ability to plant industry operatives in positions of public  responsibility in order to leak more methane, put less equipment in  place to protect against methane leakage, and reduce its requirements  even to report on the methane leakage that is going on. That is not  responsible corporate conduct. These rules are a disgrace. The CRA  should pass, and we should get on to taking on this problem of methane.    I will close by pointing out that I have a bill that would do quite a  lot to solve this problem. One of the problems in this whole enterprise  of pollution is that, when it is free to pollute, people will pollute.  If corporations view themselves as having only an obligation to their  shareholders and only an obligation to their shareholders that is  denominated in dollars, why would they ever spend any money at all to  protect against pollution, unless they were required to or unless it  had a cost?   We know it actually has a cost. People suffer from pollution; that is  a cost. Our oceans are acidifying because of carbon dioxide pollution;  that is a cost. People lose their homes in wildfires that didn't used  to happen; that is a cost. My State has to plan to lose its current map  to sea level rise and to lose precious shorefront land; that is a cost.  These are real costs. The industry just doesn't want to pay them. They  want a free ride on everybody else's suffering, and one way to solve  that is to put a price on the pollution.   And, by the way, this is not a liberal, Democratic environmental  agenda. This is economics 101. Milton Friedman, for Pete's sake, said  that if you want to have an economic system that works, you have to put  what he called ``negative externalities,'' the bad things that happen  that hurt other people. You have to put the cost of that into the  product. Otherwise, you don't have a market system. You have a subsidy  system. You are picking winners and losers.   As much as my colleagues on the other side like to say that they  don't like subsidies and they don't want to see government picking  winners and losers, when it is the fossil fuel industry that gets  subsidized, when it is the fossil fuel industry that is the winner,  they can't line up fast enough to subsidize and pick winners and  losers.   So we are going to have to work pretty hard to solve this problem  because we have some real hazards in front of us. What my bill would do  is to measure the thing that they didn't want to do--measure methane  emissions from oil and gas production. As I said, new developments in  satellite technology means that we don't have to depend on them any  longer. We can actually do a lot of this measuring. We can check their  measuring. We can, to use Reagan's phrase, ``trust but verify'' what  they are reporting with a whole lot of other data that we can pull  together.   So get the data. How much are they leaking? Figure it out basin by  basin because that is where it really happens. It happens in these  pools that emerge from the basins from all of the leakage. And then put  a price on it.   It is not hard to do. There is a social cost of carbon that President  Obama proposed. President Biden has put it back in at the previous  level, while they get to work on figuring out what updates there should  be to it. We have a social cost of carbon. You can quantify the methane  harm and compare it to the carbon harm. You can make an equivalency  between those two and you can determine what the social cost of methane  leakage should be. It is really not all that complicated.   We would start it in 2023, so that the industry, which has been so  reprehensible in its leakage, in its influence over EPA, and in its  influence in the Trump administration--we are actually giving them a  chance to clean up their act and do what they should have done all  along. So it would begin in 2023, and it would cost them $1,800 per ton  of leaked methane.   You leak it; you pay for it. It is not that complicated. When I was  growing up, we had a pretty simple rule in my family: You spill it; you  clean it up. I don't know why that is suddenly not an appropriate rule  when the company and the industry gets big enough and has enough  political power and dark money to be pulling strings around here. That  ought to be the rule. You spill it; you clean it up. You leak the  methane; you pay for it.   So I hope that we can get that methane factor passed into law, as  well, because we know perfectly well that this is not an industry that  is going to pursue the public interest if it is not required to. We saw  that in the Trump administration. We saw it on March 2, 2017. We saw it  on March 28, 2017. We saw it on April 19, 2017. We saw it on May 10,  2017. We saw it on September 11, 2018, on August 28, 2019, and on  August 13, 2020. Over and over and over again, they hurt the public by  using their clout over the regulatory Agency of this country to their  own benefit.   You can't count on them to take care of this on their own. They just  won't. They have proven that. That is not a contested fact any longer.  We gave them the chance to clean up their act without this kind of  requirement, and they totally failed. In fact, they spent all their  energy trying to degrade the regulatory authority that kept them trying  to clean up methane.   Let's solve this problem. Methane is a real problem. There is a lot  of it changing our climate. The climate situation has become an  emergency. Methane is easily preventable from leaking. And, by the way,  here is the added bonus: It gives a lot of people jobs. There is a lot  of work that we can do to reclaim the damage that the fossil fuel  industry has caused. Cleaning up the wells, cleaning up the mines,  cleaning up the piping--those are all real jobs.   So let's get after it. Let's start with the CRA. Let's go on to a  proper methane fee to put the leaking out of business and on from  there.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   