 Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Bergman).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   This body could and should have worked together on bipartisan  legislation to improve our roads and our bridges, wastewater  infrastructure, and other vital infrastructure components. But instead,  the majority preferred to put us through a very highly partisan  [[Page H5476]]  messaging exercise. And for what? The majority leaders' grossly  mismanaged process.   I have no doubt that they thought that their ``my way or the  highway'' approach reflected all their progressive priorities, and they  were mighty proud of it. But it led to the House, both Republicans and  Democrats, being completely sidelined in this process. And we knew that  this was the most likely outcome.   I want to highlight two key points.   The first is that today's legislation is one of the largest  infrastructure bills ever before the House, but because of the  Speaker's mismanagement of this entire process, the House failed to be  taken seriously and failed to have any input into this bill.   The second point is that this bill is a Trojan horse for  reconciliation. We all know that. Voting for this bill is a vote for  Speaker Pelosi's $3.5 trillion spending spree, and there is no way to  separate the two. Even the Speaker acknowledges this, and many others  as well.   Lost among all of these poor decisions is the absolute necessity to  address America's real infrastructure needs. I firmly believe that the  work we do on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee is  critical to the economy and to the lives of all Americans, and if the  House process was bipartisan from the very start, this conversation  would have been much different, but here we are. Instead of zeroing in  on real infrastructure, the majority is talking about spending  trillions and trillions of dollars on everything that they can think  of, and I have to ask: When does it end?   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   