 Madam President, today, I am going to discuss a very  important issue that I started to investigate during the last Congress,  and it is an issue that the executive branch must continue to improve  upon. The subject is information sharing between the intelligence  community and the Department of Health and Human Services. The  connection between those two entities is a critical information sharing  data point, and it must last beyond the current pandemic.   To state the obvious, the healthcare landscape has evolved  considerably in the past several decades. More specifically, the  healthcare landscape has changed considerably in just the last year  because of the COVID pandemic. Threats to healthcare now include cyber,  intelligence, and counterintelligence threats.   For example, we know the Chinese Government engaged in cyber attacks  to steal American COVID-related research. The Communist Chinese  Government will stop at nothing to steal our hard-earned work product.  They know, as does the world, that the best of the best is still right  here in America.   Last Congress, as chairman of the Finance Committee, I focused a good  deal of my oversight efforts on the Department of Health and Human  Services' Office of National Security. For example, in June of 2019, I  held a hearing on foreign threats to taxpayer-funded research, where  the Office of National Security was one of the government witnesses.  After the hearing, I then held a classified committee briefing with all  the government witnesses to further discuss the foreign threats that we  face.   That office is the Department's connection, then, to the intelligence  community and, accordingly, it plays a critical role in the Department  of HHS's overall mission. That mission includes pandemic response and  countering national security threats   To fully perform its function, HHS needs access to intelligence  community products and databases. So with that access, they would have  information that is vital to mitigating threats to the Department, its  funded partners, and its interagency colleagues. So, as part of my  oversight efforts and before the pandemic even started, I worked to get  that process done.   I noted my concerns to the Trump administration that the Office of  National Security hadn't been adequately incorporated into the  intelligence community. To their credit, the Trump administration  rightly and quickly resolved many of these issues. The Trump  administration created links and information sharing between the  intelligence community and the Department of Health and Human Services  where that cooperation hadn't existed before.   Those links should have existed many years ago, but prior  administrations, like the Obama-Biden administration, failed to see  around the corner and get the job done. Just as an example, even with  the swine flu and outbreaks across the globe, the Obama-Biden  administration failed to plug the Department of Health and Human  Services into the intelligence community the way that it should have  been done. The current pandemic exemplifies the need to have a robust  intelligence operation that includes the Department of Health and Human  Services.   As pathogenic threats to our homeland and our people increase and  become more complex, the Federal Government must prepare well in  advance for a very quick response. In order to accomplish that task,  the government must focus on the seamless communication that must exist  between and among the various Departments and Agencies. The Federal  Government must take a whole-of-government approach.   One serious barrier to that seamless communication is  overclassification. That is a serious barrier we find too much in  government. But, particularly when it deals with the pandemic, it  becomes a problem that can cost a lot of lives.   In January of 2020 when reports began to circulate about COVID, I  instructed my oversight and investigative staff to get a classified  briefing from the Office of National Security. After that briefing, I  made clear in a public way that overclassification during a public  health emergency could have deadly consequences.   If a certain intelligence work product is classified in a certain  way, sometimes other government Agencies won't then have access. The  Federal Government must guard against this type of overclassification,  and that is especially important during emergency situations that  demand quick action.   To the extent that disagreements exist between Agencies, which they  often do in complex and ever-changing fact patterns, discussion must be  had between and among the government. From that, the facts will bear  out, and the best decisions can then be made. That process can't take  place if the government puts information in silos that Federal health  Agencies are unable to access.   Overclassification is more of a problem when China's Government  refuses to share relevant data with researchers. At least this  government--the United States Government--can and should share  information between and among its Agencies.   This administration must advance and improve upon the cooperative  gains created by the Trump administration and make sure that the left  hand continues to communicate with the right hand. The last thing that  we should do is to revert to the lack of cooperation that existed  before, especially in light of the current pandemic and the lessons  that have been learned from this pandemic.   The cooperation between Federal health Agencies and the intelligence  community will strengthen ties between them for decades to come, and  the American people will be better served by the increased  communication. Simply put, increased communication will save lives.   