 Mr. President, our Nation is in the midst of a historic  crime wave that is affecting Americans of every background and walk of  life. This surge in violence includes a shocking rise in hate crimes  against our fellow citizens of Asian descent. Last year, the total  number of hate crimes in America's largest cities dropped by 7 percent,  but they surged by nearly 150 percent against Asian Americans.   Often, these hate crimes target the elderly and the frail--people who  can't fight back against their vicious assailants.   Just last month, a 65-year-old Asian-American woman was knocked to  the ground and repeatedly kicked in broad daylight on the streets of  New York City while her attacker shouted anti-Asian slurs. We later  learned that her attacker was a convicted murderer who was out on  parole, thanks to criminal  [[Page S2145]]  leniency policies. Instead of being in prison, locked up, where he  belonged, he was brutalizing an innocent victim in broad daylight--yet  more proof that being weak on crime doesn't reduce crime; it only  invites more crime.   A civilized society can't ignore such attacks on our innocent  citizens. We have to protect them. We have to protect every citizen and  get tough on violent hate crimes.   Unfortunately, in response to this terrible rise in anti-Asian hate  crimes, the Democrats initially introduced an extremely partisan bill  intended to score political points. This flawed piece of legislation  that the Senator from Hawaii originally sponsored contained provisions  tailor-made to muzzle free speech.   For example, the bill would have directed the Department of Justice  to tell Americans how they were supposed to talk about this virus. I  voted against proceeding to this bill, in part because of this crazy,  radical idea to impose a speech code on how Americans can talk about  this virus. Some say: How could you vote against it? Very simple. I  will never support a speech code imposed on the American people on how  they can exercise their First Amendment rights to talk about this  pandemic.   This whole idea is deeply concerning, especially because some in the  media and some of our Democratic friends believe that even pointing out  that the virus came from China is somehow inciting violence. That is as  foolish as it is dangerous. Calling this virus--which, yes, came from  Wuhan, China--the Wuhan virus is not racist, and it doesn't incite  violence. You may recall, after all, that last year, journalists from  such esteemed outlets as CNN, Reuters, the Washington Post, and the New  York Times all used the terms ``Chinese virus,'' ``Chinese  coronavirus,'' and ``Wuhan coronavirus.'' Were they inciting violence?  Were they racist? No, of course not. They were following the centuries- old practice of referring to diseases by their geographic names.   It wasn't anti-Spanish to call the influenza outbreak of 1918 the  ``Spanish flu'' even though it didn't even start in Spain. It was not  anti-Egyptian to use the term ``West Nile virus.'' What about the  variants of this virus from Brazil? from South Africa? from Great  Britain? We use those terms. Is that somehow going to have to be banned  from polite society's lexicon as well?   Second, I also want to point out that the Democrats' original bill,  supposedly about the violence against Asian Americans, never actually  used the term ``Asian American''--not once. Instead, it had some new,  manufactured, mysterious term called ``COVID-19 hate crimes,'' which  could have set a precedent for the even wider suppression of free  speech against citizens who have no animus toward Asians and who  haven't committed any crimes--citizens, for instance, who are concerned  about the spread of the coronavirus due to the surge of illegal  immigration at our border.   According to the mainstream media, if you so much as ask a question  about the unvaccinated and untested persons who are entering our  country at the border every day, you are somehow bigoted or nativist or  xenophobe. In the original version of the bill, the language ``COVID-19  hate crimes'' could have resulted in individuals opposed to illegal  immigration being reported for merely expressing an opinion.   Yet I am happy to report that this process, which had a bitter,  partisan beginning, will soon have a rather uplifting and unifying end.  Thanks to the diligent work of one of the hardest working Senators in  the U.S. Senate, the Senator from Maine, these offensive provisions of  the Democrats' original bill have been removed. The Senator from Maine  has helped turn what was a bitter, partisan piece of legislation into  something that now Members of both parties can hopefully support.  Thanks to her efforts, this legislation is specifically focused on the  crisis at hand and will improve the reporting of anti-Asian hate  crimes.   Soon, we will also vote on a series of amendments from some of my  fellow Senators to improve this legislation even further. I look  forward to voting for those amendments, for the substitute amendment,  and for the bill, as amended.   Today, this Chamber will take a step forward in fighting the rise of  anti-Asian violence. I hope that we continue to make progress so that  every victim gets justice and that further attacks are deterred   