 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I spoke recently about how the  President's ``skinny'' budget is disappointing, dangerous, and a  disservice to our men and women in uniform. China actively seeks to  outpace the U.S. military, and in some cases, they are succeeding. This  isn't a 5- or 10-year problem; the threat is right now, today.   Unfortunately, the military is not the only area facing active  challenges by China. Today, I am going to discuss a few at-risk areas  that are critical to the stability of our Nation.   It is no secret that the Chinese Communist Party, or CCP, wants to  replace the United States as the world's top power. The American people  need to be aware of how the Chinese Communist Party is coming after us,  not just with missiles and military might but with plans to subdue the  American spirit.   The repressive CCP uses economic espionage to advance its agenda to  weaken our arsenal of democracy. A significant part of what has made  the United States a global powerhouse is the strength and resilience of  our private sector companies. Whether it is in the technology,  healthcare, or energy sector, American innovation is unrivaled. It is  what has made us the greatest economy in the history of the world.   China's leaders know this, but rather than go head-to-head in honest  competition, they have settled for stealing our intellectual property.  Chinese businesses, at the instruction of their government, lure  American companies in. They offer cheap labor. They promise  [[Page S2537]]  an ``exchange of ideas,'' but they really want to steal our valuable  intellectual property.   As President Trump's Director of National Intelligence, John  Ratcliffe, said, China's strategy is to ``rob, replicate and replace.''  China robs American companies of their intellectual property, they  replicate our technology, and then China replaces U.S. firms in the  global marketplace.   This theft isn't exclusive to just one industry. They will go after  whatever they can to get their hands on it--wind turbines, airplane  designs, underwater drones, chemicals, or artificial intelligence  technology. According to the Department of Justice, between 2011 and  2018, more than 90 percent of the Department's foreign economic  espionage cases involved China.   By stealing this critical knowledge, the Chinese have given  themselves a leg up on other nations. They are using it to expand their  military and economic power. Their goal is to surpass the U.S. economy  and gain monopoly control over every major industry. We cannot allow  that to succeed.   Even more alarming is what China is doing from within our own  universities. The American people may not be familiar with Confucius  Institutes, but they should be. Confucius Institutes currently operate  at 55 American colleges and universities. While they claim to  harmlessly promote Chinese language and culture, they actually serve as  a beachhead for the Chinese Government within America's research  institutions. Often, just the presence of a Confucius Institute on  campus will enable Chinese officials to stifle any criticism of the  Chinese Government at that university. The institutes also allow the  Chinese Government to harvest valuable data from research being  conducted at our country's world-class institutions. Who knows what  else they could be up to.   I was very proud to cosponsor Senator Blackburn's Transparency for  Confucius Institutes Act, which would provide needed transparency to  these dangerous organizations. I was also glad to see Alabama A&M, a  public land-grant and historically Black university, make the decision  to close their Confucius Institute just last month.   Congress has made clear that American institutions of higher  education that host Confucius Institutes could lose their Federal  funding.   I hope any remaining colleges and universities with these CCP  satellite organizations follow Alabama A&M's leadership.   The United States and the entire Western World have given China  valuable concessions for decades. We gave China a seat at the table  thinking they would change, but they have played their hand ruthlessly.  The hope was that by facilitating economic growth through open markets  and giving them leadership roles in the international institutions,  China's Communist regime would finally embrace democracy, human rights,  and free market values. It is past time we recognize that despite all  its good intentions, this strategy has failed and miserably.   The Chinese Communist Party has continually spied on its citizens,  violently suppressed dissent, and systematically persecuted religious  and ethnic minorities to the point of genocide.   President Trump stood up to China. He was the first U.S. President to  do so in decades. And he made great strides, but he didn't have enough  time in office to finish the job. I sincerely hope President Biden will  continue to build on the Trump administration's momentum in pushing  back against China's aggressive rise.   The United States must address the challenges posed by China. I have  shared a lot of concerns today, but I am not one to offer criticism  without a commonsense solution. Here is one commonsense step Congress  can take immediately.   The TSP, or Thrift Savings Plan, is the 401(k)-style investment plan  that over 6 million Federal and government employees, both military and  civilian, use for their retirement plan. The plan manages more than  $700 billion in assets.   Back in 2017, the Board that governs the TSP decided to invest  billions in companies with direct ties to the Chinese Communist Party.  They wanted to send government employee dollars--the retirement savings  of our military and civilian public servants--to Chinese companies,  including mine and everybody's here in Congress. These companies are  tied to a government that openly committed genocide against its own  people. Well, with me, that dog doesn't hunt.   Thankfully, President Trump put a stop to that plan before it was  implemented, but now with President Biden in the White House, the Board  could decide to push through this decision. We need congressional  action to make President Trump's decision with the thrift savings plan  permanent. I bet if you ask the folks who work in these buildings or  who served the United States overseas if they want their retirement  savings going to Chinese companies, you would hear a loud no.   I will be offering a solution on this tomorrow to protect our  national security and safeguard the retirements of those who have  served our country with honor and distinction.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   