 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, in recent days, much has been said  about Afghanistan. I spoke about it last time on September 15, and most  of my colleagues have spoken on the very same subject. I come to speak  more about it. Today, I will look at it from a very different angle. I  am going to look at it from the angle that you see through the  Inspector General lens.   The sudden collapse of the Afghan Government and the Afghan Army  threw me right back to years of oversight work and audits conducted by  the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction. Now, the  terminology ``Special Inspector General for Afghanistan  Reconstruction'' goes by the acronym SIGAR. That person goes by the  name of his real name, Mr. John Sopko.   SIGAR, in its reports, pulled no punches. Report after report over  the years exposed and documented grim allegations of weak security,  systemic  [[Page S6690]]  corruption, and waste--waste of taxpayers' dollars. Those core problems  were brushed aside and allowed to eat away at the foundation of our  commitment. In other words, our leaders were not heeding the warnings  from the Inspector General, Mr. John Sopko.   An inability to solve these problems prompted SIGAR to send warning  signals. Those warning signals said our mission in Afghanistan was  failing. And that is not a recent conclusion; that is things he stated  over and over, over the years. This was all to the detriment of U.S.  foreign policy and our national security--the fact that most of SIGAR's  advice fell on deaf ears. SIGAR was like a lone wolf, howling out there  in the wilderness.   As the final scene of the Afghan tragedy unfolded, as we all saw on  television at the Kabul Airport, in those circumstances, President  Biden cut and run. He assigned blame squarely on the Afghans'  shoulders, but that is not the whole truth. Just pick up any SIGAR  report; it is plain to see in those reports that something was wrong.  We were the chief architect and financier for the lion's share of the  construction in Afghanistan that collapsed. If we are to learn from  this experience, we need to begin by looking in the mirror.   SIGAR's ``lessons learned reports'' clearly indicate that security  against the Taliban threat was a top priority. According to SIGAR,  security was never achieved. Based on repeated assessments of the  army's readiness, SIGAR concluded that the Afghan Army lacked the  capability to independently defend the country against internal and  external threats, contrary to President Biden's hailing the capability  of the Afghan military to preserve the country and defend it from the  Taliban.   And without security, nation building was a nonstarter. Now we  question whether or not nation building ought to be part of the policy,  but it seemed to be too often.   When coupled with the systemic corruption I just mentioned--and SIGAR  characterized that as an ``existential threat . . . that eroded army  readiness''--prospects for survival of the government and the army of  Afghans doing their job were very dim.   Against advice that I have given previous administrations, the  President announced the date certain for pulling out the U.S. military.  And, by the way, that wasn't wise because you never tell your enemies  what your plans are.   So within days, the Taliban eliminated the Afghan Army with hardly a  struggle. The Taliban then seized U.S. military assets.   The Biden administration left Americans and Afghan allies behind  enemy lines. Adding tragedy to the deeply flawed military exit, a U.S.  drone strike killed 10 civilians.   There is clear and present urgency for accountability. Do my fellow  Senators pay appropriate attention to the work of the IGs throughout  government? Maybe not often enough, but surely listening to SIGAR, not  enough of us listened to him.   Afghanistan's collapse underscores the merits of SIGAR's work out of  three dozen confirmed IGs. IGs do important work, and their work should  be considered greatly. And the fact that we ignored SIGAR's work in  Afghanistan is a tragedy, particularly when the people in the executive  branch of government ignored it.   SIGAR was created to watchdog the huge sums of money pouring into  Afghanistan. Mr. Sopko, the IG, did his job well. He issued aggressive,  hard-hitting reports, documenting egregious waste and blatant  corruption on both sides--our side and the Afghan side. Large sums of  money simply disappeared.   In a recent report, SIGAR served up a classic case of waste and  corruption, and he did it on a silver platter. It is symptomatic of the  rot that derailed our efforts in Afghanistan.   One example involved the purchase of 20 refurbished Italian G222  medium-lift aircraft for the Afghan Air Force. They added $549 million  to the taxpayers' tab. These aircraft were needed but unsupportable and  inoperable.   The squandering on this project was matched by others exposed by  SIGAR, like the 64,000 square-foot surge command center that was built  for $34 million but never needed and never occupied.   The G222 aircraft was just another notch in Uncle Sam's belt of  wasteful spending. Those planes were thrown in the junk heap because of  crooked mismanagement--and that was on our side.   The Air Force general who led the program while on Active Duty, and  then as vice president for the company selling the Italian aircraft,  allegedly violated criminal conflict-of-interest statutes.   SIGAR wanted to pursue criminal charges, but the Department of  Justice refused to prosecute. The Department of Justice turned a blind  eye to the general's alleged misconduct. Let that sink in.   A half-billion taxpayer dollars went up in smoke, and no one was held  to account. At a minimum, this reckless spending demanded disciplinary  action. With little or no accountability, it was easy for crooks to  line their pockets with schemes like the G222 aircraft.   Now, SIGAR exposed that. It wasn't prosecuted, but SIGAR nailed quite  a few. Investigations resulted in 160 criminal convictions. Corruption  was found on both sides.   The convicted included 42 Afghanis, 58 U.S. military personnel, 49  U.S. contractors, and 11 U.S. Government personnel and citizens.   Some money was recovered, but obviously you don't recover all of it.  However, in such a target-rich environment, I suspect that SIGAR's  investigators barely scratched the surface.   Unfortunately, while SIGAR's finger was stuck in the dike, Uncle Sam  kept spending money--kept the spigot wide open. Some estimate that over  $2 trillion flowed through the pipe to a government and an army known  by SIGAR to be riddled with systemic corruption. We tolerated it, and  the money kept flowing.   What happened in Afghanistan boils down to the fundamental principle  of good government. Oversight is critical to accountability. SIGAR has  more work to do. SIGAR will need to provide a full accounting for all  the captured and abandoned weapons and equipment.   You see a figure of $85 billion of that stuff left over there for the  Taliban to use for whatever they want to use it for--hopefully, never  against the United States.   The IG will need to track down unexpended dollars in the pipeline,  estimated at $6\1/2\ billion or more, so those tax dollars can be  returned to the Treasury or allocated for other legitimate and needed  purposes.   The IG will need to investigate allegations that high officials fled  with hundreds of millions of U.S. dollars in cash. And we are told that  one of those was the former President. The most recent President of  Afghanistan got away with millions and millions of dollars.   Now, if true, this would be more proof of systemic corruption that  was the country's undoing. Stolen tax dollars should be recovered.   The House Defense authorization bill already instructs SIGAR to  address these and other issues. I call on the Senate Armed Services  Committee to adopt those same measures and authorize funding needed to  finish the job by SIGAR.   Congress needs to know why SIGAR's alarm bells on poor security,  corruption, and waste were largely ignored. They were unmistakable  indicators of the impending collapse that we now know has happened to  the country of Afghanistan--to the Taliban.   Once the decision was made to pull out U.S. troops in early 2020,  preparations for evacuations were mandatory. So then why did our  President make such a panicked and haphazard exit? Did no one see the  warnings coming and the signs that showed what would happen? Did the  military fail to develop an orderly exit strategy and evacuation plan,  as alleged by Secretary Blinken?   If true, who is responsible for that blunder? A congressional autopsy  might help us avoid the same mistakes in the future. It might help us  put forward a better foot to strengthen strategic alliances.   As painful as it may be, we must never give up trying to learn from  our past mistakes. We still face threats from terrorist groups with the  same ideology as the 9/11 attackers have. And you know where they got  their training--in Afghanistan.   We still have troops in many countries combating terrorism in  partnership with local forces. We can't afford  [[Page S6691]]  to sweep mistakes under the rug and just move on and forget about it.   Without some soul searching, America risks further humiliation like  we have just witnessed, which will only embolden our would-be  adversaries.   I yield the floor.   