 Madam Speaker, we must protect voting integrity. The bill  before us today, H.R. 1, nationalizes our elections. It imposes poorly  drafted, unconstitutional mandates on States. The bill weakens critical  voter integrity provisions. Let me explain.   Madam Speaker, first, the bill guts voter ID protections. For  example, in Wisconsin, a State with strong voter ID laws, this law  would allow an individual to vote without an ID by simply providing a  sworn statement. That is it.   Are there other areas where we would allow individuals to avoid our  laws so easily? Could you board an airplane by simply providing a  statement as to who you are? The purpose of this provision is to weaken  the integrity of our elections.   Madam Speaker, wait, there is more. This bill legalizes ballot  harvesting. In Wisconsin, we saw a clerk in Madison conduct ballot  collections in broad daylight. This bill would legalize ballot  harvesting nationwide. The purpose of this provision is to weaken the  integrity of our elections.   Madam Speaker, if that is not bad enough, just wait. There is more.  This bill will allow Federal funding of congressional campaigns. It  would give government money to fund politicians' reelection campaigns.  It would give government money to buy negative TV ads. I am not sure  about all my colleagues in this House, but I can tell you that not once  has an individual told me that the problem with our elections is there  is just not enough money.   Madam Speaker, we need to strengthen our election system. We need to  protect the integrity of our elections. This bill nationalizes our  elections, weakens voter integrity, is an affront to the First  Amendment, and is a poor use of government money.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this bill,  H.R. 1.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Comer), my colleague.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  North Dakota (Mr. Armstrong), my colleague and good friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Burgess), my colleague.    Madam Speaker, although I do not support the underlying  bill, H.R. 1, these five amendments brought before us improve what is  otherwise a bad bill. I think these studies would be helpful, in  particular, to our servicemembers.   And we recognize the unique position the State of North Dakota has in  our system.   Madam Speaker, I encourage a ``yes'' vote on the en bloc, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Wisconsin (Mr. Tiffany), my colleague and good friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the  gentleman from Wisconsin.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Murphy), who is my colleague and good friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from North Carolina.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   