 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution  838, I call up the bill (S. 1605) to designate the National Pulse  Memorial located at 1912 South Orange Avenue in Orlando, Florida, and  for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the  House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their  remarks and include extraneous material on S. 1605.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself 5 minutes.   Madam Speaker, first of all, I want to thank all the people involved  in this  [[Page H7216]]  process. Certainly, the staff of the Armed Services Committee, our  bipartisan staff, worked incredibly hard over the course of this year  to put the bill together, first to get it through our committee  process, off the floor and then in the negotiation process that has led  to this final bill.   I think it is an incredibly important process because it includes so  many people. Throughout the House, throughout the Senate, Members who  have concerns in a wide range of policy areas have the opportunity in  this bill to have those concerns heard and to try to address them  through legislation.   When you add it all up, of all the different proposals that have come  at us in the House and the Senate negotiating process, you are well  north of a thousand different ideas that have been sent our way, and  the staff sift through all of that, working with Members and their  staffs as well, to try to come up with the best solutions.   This is an unbelievably important process because it is  representative democracy. It is the way our system is supposed to work,  and this bill truly reflects that. It is a bipartisan, bicameral  product that took into account every single opinion that it could, and  I think we have produced an outstanding product.   The number one thing that I want to make sure that people are aware  of is how important the Armed Services Committee's job of exercising  oversight of the Department of Defense is and how important our job of  making sure that the men and women who serve our country have  everything they need to carry out the missions that we ask them to do.  That is what our committee does. A whole lot of other issues get  involved, but at its core, that is what we are focused on. In this bill  there are hundreds of provisions to help make sure that gets done and  gets done well.   One of the major challenges our military faces right now is dealing  with the rapid pace of technology. It is getting the Pentagon to better  and more quickly adapt the innovative technologies that we need to meet  our national security threats, and those threats are very real, as we  are learning right now in real time, with what is going on between  Russia and Ukraine, as we learn every day as we deal with an  expansionist China, as we try to deal with Iran and North Korea and  transnational terrorist groups. Those threats are real. Technology and  innovation are crucial to meeting those threats, but we are moving too  slowly at this point.   There was a commission on artificial intelligence run by Eric Schmidt  and Bob Work that put a whole series of recommendations together.  Jim  Langevin's subcommittee worked on that. A number of proposals are in  this bill to help them do a better job of handling that issue.   We had a task force last year on supply chain concerns, which we have  heard so much about. A number of key provisions from that task force  are in this bill. That is what we do.   Now, there are a lot of other issues, and it seems like when we get  down to the end, we are always talking about the things we disagree  about, which makes a certain amount of sense because, you know, you get  through the stuff you can agree on, then you get down to the tougher  stuff, and then you get down to the really tough stuff.   But when we get down to that really tough stuff, I really hope that  people don't lose track of how important this piece of legislation is  with the day in and day out work we do to support the national security  and national defense of this country and to support the people who we  ask to perform those tasks.   This is an outstanding bill that needs to get passed.   Now, it also happens that it is one of the few bills that  consistently passes every year. Well, actually, it is the only bill  that consistently gets passed every year, so we have a lot of issues  from outside committees.   I forget how many hundreds of proposals we had, but at the end of the  day, the hundred-plus proposals that were in this bill we got 40  percent of them included in the final product, and we are happy to do  that because it helps advance important issues in a wide variety of  other areas. We can't carry them all because you have got to get  bipartisan, bicameral agreement. So those of you who didn't get what  you wanted out of this, please look at what is in the bill and how  important it is.   And the single most important thing in this bill, in my view, is we  finally reformed our Uniform Code of Military Justice for how it deals  with sexual assault. A stain on the military to this day is the fact  that we have not adequately dealt with and protected the servicemembers  who have faced sexual crimes in the military.   This is the most transformational change that we have done on that  issue. We take all sex crimes away from the commander, and we create a  Special Victims Prosecutor who will have the expertise, the commitment,  and the focus to adequately decide what crimes should be charged and to  prosecute those crimes effectively.   Now, a lot of people have worked on this. Nobody has done more than  Jackie Speier. Jackie is responsible for getting this done and getting  it to this point. Of all those people who worked on it, there were a  lot of differences of opinion about how exactly to do it. And I know  some folks think it should have been done slightly differently here,  slightly differently there. This is the agreement that we can get done  and get passed, and it is transformational in what it does.    It is also, I believe, crucial to dealing with one of the other major  issues that we face in the military, and that is diversity.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself an additional  1 minute.   The diversity problem that we have with recruitment, promotion, and  how is the UCMJ carried out with regard to people of color. This bill  will give us the opportunity to set up a whole set of crimes that are  under a new authority to take a shot at fixing that problem.   Now, I know some would like to add more crimes to that, and we had  that debate. This is what we came up with, and it is huge. It is the  biggest change we have had in a long time. It is worthy of our support.  The entire bill is worthy of our support.   The last thing I want to say is, I want to specifically thank Mr.  Rogers of Alabama, the ranking member on this committee. The  bipartisan, bicameral work that we do would not be possible without  leadership on both sides. I could not ask for a better partner. His  staff has been outstanding, as well as we have worked to get this  product.   I highly recommend this bill. Madam Speaker, I urge everyone to vote  in favor of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Garamendi), the distinguished chairman  of the Subcommittee on Readiness.    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman an  additional 15 seconds.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the  gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Courtney), chairman of the Seapower and  Projection Forces Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. Langevin), chair of the Subcommittee  on Cyber, Innovative Technologies, and Information Systems.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Norcross), chair of the Tactical Air and  Land Force Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Gallego), the chair of the Intelligence and  Special Operations Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Speier), the chair of the Military  Personnel Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30  seconds to the gentlewoman from California.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close at  this point if the gentleman is.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  my time.   Madam Speaker, I want to begin at an odd place. I don't want to  discourage people from voting for this bill, but on the vaccine mandate  issue, I want to make very clear that I heard a lot of things that were  supposed to be done in this bill; none of that was done in the bill. We  don't have anything in the bill which tells the military what they can  or cannot do in terms of punishing people for refusing to meet the  vaccine mandate, as a starting point. We certainly don't have anything  in the bill that says natural immunity can count.   We do have language in the bill that says that the military should  take a look at how the vaccine mandate could be--sorry. It is not in  the bill; it is in bill language, which is a different thing. It says  you can look at how the vaccine mandate is affecting recruitment and  retention, and that is fine.   But all that other stuff, Madam Speaker, for those of you who are  listening and thinking I may have lost my mind, I have not. We did not  support that and did not do that.   That minor point aside, this is an outstanding piece of legislation  that is truly bipartisan. There are a lot of small, little things here  and there. But, again, the big picture is everything we do in this bill  and everything that you heard, Madam Speaker, from primarily the chairs  and ranking members of our subcommittee, an exhaustive list of all the  provisions that are so important in making sure that we meet our  obligations on national security, defense, and supporting the men and  women who serve. It is a ton of work to figure out those policies, and  it has never been, in my view, more important during my time in  Congress.   As we have heard, we have these threats that are out there. They are  real and as complex as they have ever been. Then also, we have the  rapid pace of technology and innovation that is changing what is  necessary to provide adequate deterrence and to provide adequate  defense on a minute-to-minute basis.   The most crucial thing in our ability to meet our national security  objectives is: How quickly are we going to innovate? How quickly are we  going to adapt?   We are not innovating and adapting quickly enough right now, and  there are a whole bunch of provisions in this bill to help push the  Pentagon in the correct direction, to help make sure we give them the  help they need or, in some cases, the push they need to adopt the  technology that is going to move us in a better direction.   We also have a lot in this bill to help improve competition and to  deal with some of the very painful cost overruns that we have seen on  programs like the KC-46 tanker, programs like the F-35, and a whole  series of other issues.   We introduce competition, and we introduce ways to make sure that we  take advantage of technology because every time I see a cost overrun-- and the Speaker is uniquely positioned to understand this. Again, we  have these terrible cost overruns we hear about, and we always hear:  Oh, well, it is a software problem.   Well, yes, it is like a multibillion-dollar software problem. So why  don't we fix those software problems and save us a lot of money?   This bill pushes us more in the direction of getting after those  problems than any bill that I have worked on. It is an incredibly  important piece of legislation that moves us forward in a positive  direction.   Yes, we are also able to carry a few issues that were not in our  jurisdiction. In fact, Madam Speaker, with the permission of everyone,  the chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee has arrived and was going to  speak.   Madam Speaker, if I could yield to him just 1 minute or 2 to talk  about the Committee on Foreign Affairs because the committee  reauthorized a provision that is contained in this bill as well. I want  to make sure the distinguished chairman of the Foreign Affairs  Committee has at least a couple of minutes.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes of my remaining time to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Meeks) to talk about the Foreign Affairs  provision, and then I will close when he is done.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30  seconds to the gentleman from New York.    Madam Speaker, I want to start by thanking  the staff for the outstanding job that they do. As I have always said,  Members have constituents coming at us on a variety of different  issues. We come up with ideas and say we ought to do this. And from  that, that idea actually has to be written down and has to get  approval. It is the staff that does all  [[Page H7222]]  that tireless work to make sure that we get the final product that is  in front of us. I really, really want to thank the staff.   I want to emphasize the fact that our staff on the Armed Services  Committee is a bipartisan staff. It is the only committee in Congress  that does that. Whether we are in charge or the Republicans are in  charge, the staff is bipartisan, and I think that is incredibly  important in getting the work done in the way that we do, working  together to produce this product. This is a product every single Member  of this body can be proud of, and it is a product I think every single  Member of this body should vote for.   Madam Speaker, I urge passage, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.    Madam Speaker, I send to the desk a  concurrent resolution and ask unanimous consent for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution.   