 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  remarks before the vote.    Mr. President, I rise today in support of the two U.S.  Postal Service Board of Governors nominees that are before the Senate  this afternoon, as well as a third nominee under consideration later  this month.   Like our Presiding Officer, I had the privilege of serving our  country in a time of war and a time of peace, with three tours in  Southeast Asia and a good deal of time in the Cold War after that. My  dad had many years in the Navy, and my uncle, my mom's youngest  brother, was an enlisted man, a third-class petty officer on an  aircraft carrier in 1944, the USS Suwannee. There was a kamikaze  attack, and it never recovered.   I know how important it was to my uncle, to my dad, and to myself  when we would receive mail, whether it was in Southeast Asia, whether  my uncle was deployed on his aircraft carrier or my dad was deployed  around the world--how important the mail was.   I know how important the Postal Service was to tens of millions of  people who voted last fall in local elections, State elections, and  Federal elections across this country--more than ever, ever in the  history of our country.   There are some people I know who think that the Postal Service is a  relic and is not something that we need. Ask the people who receive  their medicine, not just their mail today, not just the things that  they have ordered to come and are delivered by the Postal Service--all  kinds of stuff--but also the people who receive medicines, whether they  are veterans or other people from all walks of life.   The Postal Service today has had a profoundly challenging year. It  has had a profoundly challenging year with the global pandemic. Drastic  reforms were made without full knowledge of their service impact, and a  busy holiday season created tremendous challenges for this venerable  institution.   Delays in mail and package delivery increased last year while  employees struggled with the effects of the pandemic on themselves and  their families. At a time when reliance on mail and package delivery  was perhaps higher than ever, the U.S. Postal Service struggled to  deliver mail and packages in a timely and a predictable way.   Delays in the mail service have real world impact in communities  large and small. In Delaware, veterans of our Armed Forces had to wait  longer for lifesaving medications and delayed packages. Our Delaware  congressional delegation heard from literally hundreds of constituents  in our State about missed paychecks, credit card bills, and court  notices.   ``Mom and Pop'' shops in my State--and I guess in Arizona, the home  of our Presiding Officer--may have suffered from the delays. ``Mom and  Pop'' shops in my State and across the country have suffered from  delayed deliveries of important supplies to run their business and to  stay in business. Many poultry farmers, particularly in more rural  parts of Delaware and on the Delmarva Peninsula, to include the Eastern  Shore of Maryland and Virginia, too, were shocked to find that baby  chicks died in the course of delayed postal deliveries to their farms.   These impacts were unacceptable. They were driven by the pandemic and  decisions largely made at the top of the Postal Service.   Further, Postmaster DeJoy released in March a 10-year strategic plan  that doesn't do enough to address the significant operational  challenges being faced right now at the U.S. Postal Service. The plan  limits operating hours and lowers service standards, which would harm  many seniors and rural Delawareans up and down our State and across the  country. If implemented, such a plan would make it harder, not easier,  to restore confidence in the Postal Service.   Fast forward to today. By selecting these nominees to the U.S. Postal  Board of Governors, it has become clear that President Biden recognizes  the dire need to get the Postal Service back to its core mission-- reliable, affordable, and on-time mail delivery service for Americans  across this country.   These well-qualified nominees--and they are well-qualified nominees-- also make clear President Biden's desire to drive innovation at the  Postal Service that can keep costs low while boosting revenue  opportunities and protecting the livelihoods of the men and women who  work tirelessly to deliver our mail.   Ron Stroman, whom I have had the privilege of knowing for more than a  decade, is himself a former Deputy Postmaster General, a role he served  in from 2011 to 2020, a longtime Federal servant--and he is a servant.  Mr. Stroman has intimate knowledge of this institution and how to make  long-lasting positive changes in large organizations like the U.S.  Postal Service.   Amber McReynolds is currently the CEO for the National Vote at Home  Institute and Coalition. What do they do? Well, they work to make it  easier for Americans to vote securely, to vote safely, and to vote  conveniently. Delivering ballots by mail is one of the most solemn  obligations that the Postal Service has. It is the underpinning of our  democracy in this country.   Finally, Mr. Anton Hajjar is the third nominee, whose nomination we  are considering later in this work period, not today. Mr. Hajjar is the  former general counsel of the American Postal Workers Union, where he  fought to make sure that mail carriers and other postal employees get  the support that they deserve.   At the hearing we had last month in the Homeland Security and  Governmental Affairs Committee, I was thoroughly impressed with each of  these nominees and their knowledge of the needs of the Postal Service.  All three nominees exhibited professionalism, the expertise, the  leadership, and the commitment--the commitment--that we need at the  Postal Service Board of Governors. Think of the Board of Governors  almost like a board of directors for a company. They don't run the  Postal Service every day, but they help set the tone, policies, and  oversee the operations.   Further, these three nominees agree that the Postal Service has  tremendous opportunities ahead. The Postal Service is currently in the  midst of a once-in-a-lifetime update to the postal delivery vehicles,  with a prime opportunity to be a leader in the fight against climate  change. The Postal Service will replace up to 165,000 vehicles.   So, every now and then, we see postal vehicles--probably every day.  We probably look at them sometimes and say: That looks like an old  vehicle. The reason it looks like an old vehicle is because it is. Many  of them are 25 years old. They run on gasoline. They run on diesel.  They pollute, and they break down. We have an opportunity here to  replace them with a new fleet of low-emission or no-emission vehicles  powered by batteries and powered by hydrogen fuel cells   The nominees we are considering today and later this month also agree  that the Postal Service has an obligation to work with Congress to  enact important postal reform legislation which would help the agency  save tens of billions of dollars over the next 10 years.   How might that happen? One, by better integrating postal retirees'  healthcare with the Medicare Program and by repealing a burdensome  retiree health benefit obligation that most other large companies don't  have to bear.   I often refer to a saying made popular by Albert Einstein. I am not  smart like Albert Einstein, but I am smart enough to quote Albert  Einstein. Albert Einstein used to say: ``In adversity lies  opportunity.'' Think about that: ``In adversity lies opportunity.''   The Bible says something like this: In all things, give thanks.   I think it was Henry Ford who said: ``If you think you can or you  think you can't, you're right.''   But Einstein said: ``In adversity lies opportunity.'' The Postal  Service has faced considerable adversity over the last decade or two.  This has been perhaps the most difficult stretch in its long and  storied history.   You know, the Postal Service is not an idea that somebody dreamed up  30, 40, 50, or 60 years ago. It was originally outlined in the  Constitution and the first Post Master General was a guy named Ben  Franklin. After that storied history, we have an opportunity to face  [[Page S2476]]  the adversities the Postal Service faces today with an opportunity to  confirm three well-qualified Postal Service Board of Governors to  public service who will be ready on day one--not a month from now or a  year from now, but on day one--to ensure that this invaluable  institution is able to meet its vital mission.   I am proud to support them. I am proud to say I know them, and I urge  my colleagues to support them as well--two of them later today and  another one probably later this month.   With that I yield the floor.   