 Mr. President, I am on the floor today to ask for  unanimous consent from my colleagues to proceed to H.R. 8, the House- passed, bipartisan, comprehensive background checks bill. I want to  tell you why I am making this request.   I understand the low likelihood of success, but I hope many of my  colleagues took a minute to watch cell phone video from the school  shooting in Michigan yesterday--on Tuesday, excuse me. It is absolutely  terrifying to watch in real time children fleeing their classroom in  fear that their lives were about to be ended. One hundred 9-1-1 calls  came into the police during the shooting. Surveillance footage  reportedly shows the gunman entering the bathroom with a backpack, then  exiting a minute later without the backpack but with the handgun. He  then started firing at students. When they started to run, he  ``methodically and deliberately'' walked down the hallway and aimed his  gun into classrooms at students who were unable to escape.   We think about the damage done and the number of lives lost--four so  far--and those who were injured, but, really, the damage is so much  broader because all of those kids who fled that violence, all of those  kids who now don't think of school as a safe place--they are going  through trauma and will go through trauma that may take a lifetime to  address. Multiply that times millions because that is what is happening  to kids all across this country who don't feel school is a safe place  any longer, who don't think their neighborhoods are a safe place any  longer, who grow up in parts of this country in which everyday gun  violence is routine. They don't believe they will live past the age of  25.   The damage happening across this country is acute. It is real. It is  pervasive. This is an epidemic of gun violence that exists in the  United States and nowhere else. The risk, though, is that this country  thinks about gun violence only when there is a mass shooting or only  when there is a shooting at a school.   On Tuesday, the same day that the country was captivated by these  terrifying images out of Oxford High School, in Taylor, TX, four bodies  were found at a home in that town after an apparent murder-suicide.  Police said that Anthony Davis, 57 years old, shot and killed his wife,  his wife's stepchild, and the stepchild's romantic acquaintance--four  people dead in Taylor, TX. Nobody knows about that nationally. Nobody  knows about the other 50 to 100 people who died of gun violence on  Tuesday.   This happens every single day in this country at a rate 10 times  higher than any other country in the high-income world. It only happens  in the United States of America. And we let it happen as a body. We let  it happen as a body because it is not that we are unlucky in the United  States; this is a policy choice that we make.   Let's be honest--the reason that we can't get anything done in the  Senate is not because there is a disagreement amongst our constituents  about what to do. Our constituents, Republicans and Democrats, support  measures like universal background checks. In fact, there is almost  nothing in the political world that enjoys such high support as  universal background checks. Eighty percent, ninety percent of  Americans--the majority of Republicans, Democrats, gun owners, non-gun  owners--support universal background checks. But we can't get it done  because it seems as if many of my colleagues here care more about the  health of the gun industry and their profits than they do about the  health of our kids. Gun industry profits are being put ahead of the  safety of my children, of our children.   Shooting after shooting. Republicans in this body have refused to do  anything meaningful that would reduce this pace of carnage, both in our  schools and on the streets of America. As I said, it is not as if we  don't know what the answer is.   Let me give you a remarkable statistic. In 2020, we saw a pretty  substantial increase in violent crime all across the country. That  increase was about 5 percent, and a lot of that was gun crime. Gun  crime went up by 25 percent during 2020. But let's break down that  number between the States that have universal background checks and the  States that don't have universal background checks. There was a 5- percent overall increase in violent crime in the United States, but in  2020, in States that did not have and don't have universal background  checks--meaning a criminal can get a gun at a gun show or online  without any background check--in those States, violent crime went up 8  percent higher than the national average. What about the States like  Connecticut that have universal background checks, where we make sure  everybody gets a background check before they buy a gun? In those  States, violent crime went up in 2020 by less than 1 percent. That is  pretty stunning. On a percentage basis, violent crime goes up by eight  times the level in States without universal background checks as in  States with universal background checks.   I can just run through the litany of studies that show the difference  in murder rates, in gun crime between States that have universal  background checks and those that don't. One of the most recent studies  from 2019, a Harvard study, shows a 15-percent difference. Now, that is  surprising because no matter how strong Connecticut's background checks  law is, States that don't have background checks end up allowing people  to buy guns there, and they come into Connecticut. So until we have a  national requirement that everybody go through a background check  before, at the very least, they buy a gun at a commercial sale, there  is nothing Connecticut can do to make itself completely immune to the  epidemic of illegal guns.   That is why we are on the floor today, myself, Senator Blumenthal,  and Senator Durbin, to ask our colleagues to pass into law a bipartisan  piece of legislation that has already passed the House of  Representatives. This is a bill that would expand background checks to  all sales in this country, with certain exceptions for transfers  between immediate family members. This is a bill, as I mentioned, that  is supported by the vast majority of Americans--one of the most popular  policy proposals that exist in this country today. And it will save  lives.    I mentioned the shooting in Texas because one of the critiques of  this proposal often is, well, it wouldn't have stopped the last mass  shooting. I don't claim that this proposal nor any other proposal to  change the Nation's gun laws will have an effect on every single  shooting, but the data is the data. These are the statistics.   This proposal is the most impactful when a State takes it. Universal  background checks save lives, decrease gun violence, decrease violent  crimes. The loss of life, when it is a shooting on the  [[Page S8884]]  streets of New Haven, one person being shot, that is just as shattering  to the lives of the people who love that victim as is a mass shooting.   So I am hopeful that the Senate will make the decision today to pass  this bill into law. I understand the chances are slim to none that this  unanimous consent request will be adopted, but I am at my wit's end. I  am at my wit's end. I am prepared to use whatever means I have as an  individual Senator to come down here and press this case forward.   I ask at this point, knowing the Senator from Iowa is on the floor,  as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 8, the Bipartisan  Background Checks Act of 2021, which was received from the House;  further, that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and  that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I know the Senator has his own UC request.  I will just say two things very quickly. I am not surprised, but still  disappointed, in the objection.   I take the Senator's advice seriously. We need 60 votes in order to  pass legislation like H.R. 8 before this body, but I think, as the  Senator knows, with Senator Durbin's guidance, I have been involved in  multiple rounds of talks with Republican Senators throughout the year  about trying to find some common ground. I think anyone who has been  part of those talks knows that I have been willing to bend; I have been  willing to compromise. I am not going to let the perfect be the enemy  of the good when it comes to saving lives. And if the Senator is making  an offer to join those talks or to sit down, then count me in.   But so far, a year into maybe the most deadly year in my political  lifetime with respect to gun violence, I haven't been able to find one  Republican taker for a compromise on the issue of background checks.   And then I will gladly send to the Senator the reams of data showing  that background checks, in fact, do make a difference. As I cited, just  in 2020, we see the difference between States that have background  checks and those that don't.   I look forward to continuing that conversation.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, let me  concede that there are some laudable pieces to this legislation. It is  not new to the body. As Senator Grassley mentioned, this is something  that has received a vote.   But in large part, it is a massive contraction of the universal  background check system rather than what Americans support, which is an  expansion of the background check system, and let me give you just two  examples.   In this legislation there would be a change in law, such that for  individuals who are subject to psychiatric confinement, the minute they  leave that confinement, they get their gun rights restored. That is not  the existing law. The existing law says that if you are so mentally ill  that you have had to be inpatient, you don't get those gun rights  restored unless you petition.   Second, this bill would say that for individuals who have been judged  mentally incompetent--this is a regulatory term, not my term. But for  individuals  [[Page S8885]]  who have been determined mentally incompetent by a Federal Government  Agency, they would have their gun rights restored. Right now, those  individuals are not allowed to possess guns, but they would under this  proposal.   So this amendment, while it has some, I think, important pieces to  it, in large part is a pretty massive contraction of the number of  background checks that would be done in this country, and for that  reason I would object.   