 Madam President, I appreciated the comments from my  colleague from Connecticut. And he talked about both the bipartisan  infrastructure bill that is on the floor of the Senate and will be  voted on tomorrow morning, and he also talked about the budget proposal  that is also going to be considered by the Senate this week.   I want to start by just being sure that those two are distinguished  because there is a big contrast between them. The bipartisan  infrastructure package, I believe, is a sensible approach to restoring  our Nation's infrastructure, as we will talk about in a moment. And  that legislation, again, is meant to be voted on tomorrow morning.   The other proposal is the $3.5 trillion, or more, budget resolution  that will be partisan--not bipartisan--that is being proposed by the  Democrats, which is a tax-and-spending extravaganza.   And my concern is, not only does it spend a lot of money we don't  have--and not on long-term assets, like infrastructure, but on social  programs--but, also, it raises taxes substantially. In fact, it raises  taxes more than taxes were cut back in 2017, which created such a  strong economy going into the pandemic. And I really do worry about  what is going to happen to our country should we do that.   The bipartisan infrastructure package has no tax increases. The $3.5  trillion budget resolution has these huge new taxes. I will tell you,  most economists believe that the tax reform and tax cuts back in 2017  led to not just an incredibly strong economy, but an inclusive economy.   Going into the pandemic, February of 2020, we not only had  historically low levels of unemployment for certain groups in our  economy--Blacks, Hispanics, and others--we had a 50-year low on  unemployment overall. We had the lowest poverty rate ever recorded in  the United States of America. We started recording it back in the  fifties   We also had wages that were going up consistently, more than 3  percent annually for 19 straight months going into the pandemic. That  was fantastic.   In my home State of Ohio, we had seen flat wages or even declining  wages when you take inflation into account for years, probably a decade  and a half. So things were working. And even coming out of this  pandemic, most economists had thought that, Wow, we have a pretty  darned resilient and resurgent economy here.   And you see the economic growth numbers. Last month and this past  quarter--I mean, the economy is doing just what we had hoped it would  do coming out of the pandemic. To raise taxes now and to get rid of  these tax cuts and tax reforms--importantly, tax reforms as well that  created this strong opportunity economy--is a huge mistake.   So I would just draw a very distinct contrast between what my  colleague and friend from Connecticut was talking about because he kind  of mixed the two--one is infrastructure that is bipartisan, no taxes;  the other is a different kind of spending--social spending--that we  cannot afford and on top of the huge new tax increases.   So I hope that we will choose to vote tomorrow on the infrastructure  package in a bipartisan way because it is landmark and needed  legislation in fixing our Nation's roads, bridges, railroads, our  ports, our waterways, our electrical grid, our broadband network, and  more.   And I am proud of the work the Senate has done on that. It will be a  lasting bipartisan achievement to help the people we represent. It is  going to improve the lives of all Americans. It is long-term spending  to repair and replace and build assets that will last for decades.   In doing so, it makes life better for people. It improves the life of  the mom or dad who commutes to work and gets stuck in rush hour every  day and would much rather be spending that time with their family. It  improves the lives of people who are tired of those potholes. We all  want to fix those potholes. We all hate them.   One quick story there. When I am asked how I got into public service,  I often relay a story that when I was 7 or 8 years old, I remember  driving with my mom on a rough road and telling her: Someday, Mom, I  want to fix those potholes.   And she loved to tell that story.   That was my first exposure to what it could be like in public  service, being able to fix potholes. Unfortunately, I then went on to  public service at the Federal level in the House and the Senate and two  Bush White Houses, and I never got to fix any potholes.   Maybe this legislation is taking it full circle because it will be  fixing potholes, and it will make driving more safe.   There is a story I want to relate. Recently, in Cincinnati, OH, a guy  named Howard Krueger was driving along I-75 South, and a big piece of  concrete fell down from a bridge called the Western Hills Viaduct,  which is in terrible shape. It is one of our crumbling infrastructure  projects we have to fix. A big piece of concrete hit his windshield.  Thank God it didn't come through his windshield or kill him, but it  shattered part of his windshield. He actually pulled off the road to go  try to find the concrete, to get it off the road for someone else, and  to talk to the work crew that he assumed had dropped it. He went up and  looked up, and there was no work crew; it was just concrete falling  from the bridge.   Infrastructure--it matters to people. It is about safety. That  truckdriver, who leaves his family to go on a long haul, he wants to  have a road and bridge that is safe.   We recently had another accident in Ohio. It was on the Brent Spence  Bridge; two trucks colliding. There is no shoulder left on that bridge  because it is carrying twice the number of vehicles it was meant to  carry--twice. It is functionally obsolete, and yet we have talked about  it for 20 years and nothing has happened. After 20 years of talking  about it, it is time to get something done.   Here in this town, we have talked about infrastructure being improved  for a long, long, long time--longer than 20 years. In fact, every  President in modern times has proposed a big infrastructure package,  and yet we never seem to get it done.   Donald Trump actually proposed a $1.5 trillion infrastructure  package. This one we are talking about today is $548 billion. He is a  developer. He understands the need for infrastructure, to make  investments in hard assets, because it comes back to help the economy.   So whether you are that truckdriver, or whether you are that mom or  dad, or whether you are somebody who lives in a rural and underserved  area of our country because you don't have access to broadband and you  can finally now get it for your schoolwork or your work-work or for  your healthcare, this is going to make a difference.   It improves our overcapacity ports. Right now, at our seaports, ships  are backing up. If you are trying to get a product and you are a  consumer and you are wondering why you are not getting it, that might  be the reason.   And guess what. It also invests in our overwhelmed southern border  land ports, with $3.85 billion to GSA and Customs and Border  Protection. So for those of you concerned about the southern border and  what is happening there, this infrastructure bill does help. It helps  with our land ports and our seaports and, therefore, helps Customs and  Border Protection.  [[Page S6082]]    We also have more for water infrastructure in this legislation--clean  drinking water. Lead pipes is a big issue in my home State of Ohio, as  it is in other States. That is dealt with here--remediation of the lead  pipe danger and risks.   There is a lot in here that helps people, helps make their lives  better.   Very importantly for me, it also makes our economy more efficient by  fixing that bridge, by fixing that port. When you make the economy more  efficient, the economy becomes more productive. When the economy is  more productive, you have higher GDP. When you have higher GDP, you  have more taxes coming into the economy than you would have had  otherwise. That is what happens with infrastructure spending, if it is  done right.   It has been made clear in poll after poll this is something that  actually brings our country together. According to a CNBC poll, 87  percent of Americans think it is important that we invest in improving  our crumbling roads and bridges. A month or so later, a CBS poll found  87 percent of Americans support more Federal spending on repairing  roads and bridges. And an Associated Press poll found 8 in 10  Americans--80 percent--favored plans to increase funding for roads,  bridges, and ports and for pipes that supply drinking water.   So, of course, it is popular because it affects their lives, and they  know it.   And we need the investment right now. The American Society of Civil  Engineers gives our infrastructure a C-minus and projects our economy  stands to lose more than $10 trillion in GDP by 2039 should we fail to  invest in repairs. We have fallen to 13th in the world in a report card  on infrastructure while China continues to spend much more than we do  as a percent of their GDP on infrastructure. Why? They want to have a  more efficient economy. We want to be able to compete and win the  global competition. We, too, should be sure infrastructure is up to  speed.   The need for fixing and repairing our Nation's infrastructure is  clear. It is no surprise, again, that these Presidents, through the  modern times, including Donald Trump, have suggested it. Frankly, I  believe Donald Trump's advocacy in infrastructure helped changed the  way many in the Republican Party view these kinds of investments. This  investment in repairing and upgrading our infrastructure will also have  a real and lasting impact on our economy long term.   There is a lot of discussion about infrastructure right now. Again,  making the economy more efficient, more productive, growing the  economy, that is what economists would call, by investing in hard  assets and jobs, the supply side. These are supply-side investments.  This is why economists have said, including Michael Strain of the  Conservative American Enterprise Institute, this will be  counterinflationary. That is important to note too. By the way, this  money is not going to be spent next year. It is not going to be spent  hardly at all the next year. It is going to be spent over 5, 10, 15  years on these long-term projects.   There is one recent study by Association of Equipment Manufacturers  finding that this legislation will create about half a million new jobs  by 2024. So it is also about new jobs in industries ranging from  construction, plumbing, electrical engineering to software development.   Importantly, it accomplishes these goals while avoiding the tax hikes  that will kill our economy, destroy jobs, and undermine our  competitiveness around the world.   That is why I started talking about the $3.5 trillion package that is  wrongheaded, in my view, in part because of the spending, but in part  because of what it would do to our economy at a time when we are trying  to get back on our feet postpandemic.   We are going to provide billions in funding for some of our most  pressing hard infrastructure needs, like $110 billion in new spending  over the next 5 years to construct, rebuild, and maintain our roads and  highways.   I heard one of my colleagues say only 24 percent of this money goes  into roads and bridges and ports. That is just not true. The number  actually is about 42 percent into roads and bridges alone. This is  going to make a big difference in my home State of Ohio. We have  123,000 miles of roads. Traffic congestion costs motorists an estimated  $4.7 billion each year in lost time and wasted fuel, according to the  American Society of Civil Engineers. The same group, the Society of  Civil Engineers, says there are currently more than 46,000 bridges in  our country that are considered structurally deficient and in ``poor  condition.'' Yet 178 million trips are taken on these deficient bridges  every single day.   Ohio is No. 2 in the Nation in the number of bridges. We have a lot  of them, but nearly half of those are not in good condition. That is  why I am pleased this legislation does provide for new funding for our  bridges. It will work competitive grants to improve the bridges that  would help with all of our bridges but particularly a huge problem in  Ohio, which is the Brent Spence Bridge--this dangerous bridge I talked  about where there are no shoulders anymore. It is bearing twice the  number of vehicles per day as it was constructed to do. It was  considered structurally obsolete for years, for two decades. It is time  to fix it   We also do something here that is very important to stretch that  Federal dollar and to take out some of the inefficiency in the way we  construct our roads and our bridges and other infrastructure. We make  needed reforms to the Federal permitting process and give project  sponsors more certainty to help them create more jobs and develop our  Nation's infrastructure with less costs. This was a priority of the  Trump administration that was never codified into law.   But in this bill, we actually expand and improve what is called FAST- 41, which was in the last highway bill--not the one currently but  before. But it has a sunset on it, and these permitting reforms have  worked. They lowered the amount of time and saved billions of dollars  for key permitting projects. We make this a permanent part of our law.   Also, the surface transportation bill itself has additional  permitting reform in it. This, frankly, is better permitting reform  than we have been able to get for years, even when we had a Republican  President, Republican Congress. I am very pleased that that is part of  this legislation, and it should be. All Americans should support that.   Taking the average from 2 years--from currently 6, 7, 8 years down to  2 years for a project, why doesn't that make sense? Everybody should be  for that.   We also made necessary investments in the future of our economy on  the digital side by increasing access to broadband services. In Ohio,  that is really important. We have a bunch of counties and about 18 of  them are unserved and we have probably another 20 that are underserved.   In Appalachian Ohio, we need internet. We need it fast enough so  people can start a business, so kids can use it for school, so veterans  can use it to get their healthcare and not have to drive into the big  city.   These are only a few highlights. And I could go on, but the bottom  line is we are dedicating this $548 billion in infrastructure spending  over the next 5 years toward a wide range of projects that will  collectively have a positive impact on our economy and on the American  people.   This has been a different sort of process, I acknowledge that. And,  frankly, a lot of this, I think, should have been done directly through  committees, particularly with regard to transit, with regard to  broadband. In other areas, we simply picked up the work of the  committee--surface transportation, as an example, much of the work by  the Commerce Committee, the EPW Committee, and others, the ENR  Committee, the Energy and Natural Resources Committee.   Many of us worked hard to ensure that this was a truly bipartisan  project but also that we got the best input from all the experts here  in the Congress. I would have drafted this bill a little differently if  it had been just me. I am sure everybody feels that way about it. It  was a true bipartisan project and, therefore, there were concessions  made on both sides.   But I am proud of the broad support it has received in this Chamber.  I am proud of the broad support it has received from the outside. More  than 100 industry associations, unions, and trade groups have already  come forward to endorse the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act.  Among them  [[Page S6083]]  are the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Business Roundtable, the National  Association of Manufacturers, the AFL-CIO Building Trades Council, the  American Farm Bureau, the Conference of Mayors, and National Governors  Association, on and on and on. They comprise advocates for businesses  of all sizes, workers, farmers, Governors, mayors, engineers,  conservationists, truckers.   I think it is safe to say we have an impressive coalition that wants  this legislation passed for all the right reasons. They want to see  this investment in our country. They know it is the right thing to do  for our economy, for our future. I thank all of the stakeholders who  have endorsed this legislation for their support. Because of all these  combined efforts, tomorrow, I believe, we will be getting it right for  the American people, for our economy, and for the future of our great  country.   I look forward to seeing this legislation pass the Senate tomorrow,  and I urge the House to pass it soon so that it can move to President  Biden's desk for his signature.   I yield the floor.    I just want to say briefly to my colleague from Wyoming  and my colleague from Pennsylvania, and also to our other colleagues  who worked with us over the past week or so to come up with a good  approach to this issue that is vexing, that we need to figure out how  to get this into the legislation. So I support the amendment, of  course.   I think there is a general consensus that information reporting is a  good thing, and that particularly for our constituents, who are  everyday holders of digital currency, they want to have that reporting  in order to be able to pay their taxes properly.   The vast majority of them are good, hard-working taxpayers who just  want to be able to get what their basis is or what their information is  from a broker, just as they would for a stock or a bond.   So what we have done here through this language is ensure that, while  doing that, we are not putting a sweeping provision in place that  includes people who shouldn't be included.   As an example--and my colleague from Pennsylvania said it very, very  well--we are not trying to bring in people who are involved in  validating distributed ledger transactions through proof of work,  commonly known as miners.   We are also not trying to bring in ``proof of stake'' validation or  stakers, and we are also ensuring that we are not bringing in people  who are involved with hardware and software selling for digital  wallets. They wouldn't be subject to these rules as well. And I think  that was very important to make that clear. I think the language needed  clarification.   So I am pleased with the amendment. I would hope that we would be  able to get it passed because I think it is very important to have it  as part of this legislation, and I want to thank, again, my colleagues,  from Pennsylvania, from Wyoming, as well as Senators Warner, Sinema,  Ossoff, Wyden, and others who have worked with us in this process, and  thank you for bringing this amendment to the floor today.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to enter into a  colloquy with Senator Warner of Virginia.    Mr. President, I rise today to clarify the provisions in  the underlying bill text we are working on this evening.   As we know, cryptocurrency is a digital asset that more and more  people are investing in, and we should want that to continue in a  healthy and sustainable way. I would like to discuss the provisions in  the bill that address information reporting requirements for digital  asset brokers.   Under IRS rules, sales or exchanges of assets, like digital assets,  give rise to gain or loss in the same manner as sales of securities.  Taxpayers who sell stocks or other securities through a broker receive  an information return, IRS form 1099-B, that provides information on  the gross proceeds and the basis of those sales. Those information  returns are prepared by their brokers or custodians or other agents  involved in the effecting of the sales.   Today, there is lack of clarity on how these reporting rules apply to  digital asset transactions. The underlying bill has two simple  provisions to address that.   The cryptocurrency provision in the bill makes it clear as to who  counts as a broker within this market. Under the bill, a broker is  defined as ``any person who (for consideration) is responsible for  regularly providing any service effectuating transfers of digital  assets on behalf of another person.'' For tax purposes, this means a  sale on behalf of someone else.   The concern has been expressed that some in the cryptocurrency  industry who are not brokers would be caught up in this definition. The  Treasury Department, the nonpartisan Congressional Joint Committee on  Taxation, and others believe that the current language is clear enough  that the reporting requirements only cover brokers. The purpose of this  discussion is to further clarify that is the actual intent of the  underlying bill. I think that is important.   That is the goal we had in our discussions over a compromise  amendment, but, unfortunately, we have been unable to consider and  adopt that amendment thus far in this debate.   Some of us were on this floor today, including Senator Lummis,  Senator Warner, Senator Toomey, myself to try to get that amendment  passed, and we were not able to do so.   The purpose of this provision is not to impose new reporting  requirements on people who do not meet the definition of brokers. For  example, if you are someone who is solely involved with validating  distributed ledger transactions through proof of work--commonly known  as miners--if you are solely mining, you will not be considered a  broker. The same would be true for proof of stake validation and other  validation methods now or in the future associated with other consensus  mechanisms that are developed and might come into the market as the  technology evolves. If you are solely staking your digital assets for  the purpose of validating distributed ledger transactions, you will not  be considered a broker.   We want to be sure that miners and stakers and others who play a key  role in validating transactions now or in the future, or hardware and  software sellers for digital wallets, will not be subject to the rules  or those activities.   Again, you will need to provide the information reporting only if you  are functioning as a broker.   It is my understanding that that is true, and I ask my fellow Finance  Committee member and colleague from the bipartisan working group,  Senator Warner, if this is his understanding as well.    Mr. President, first of all, I appreciate the  clarification by my colleague from Virginia, and, Senator Warner, you  are correct in your understanding.   I would also ask Senator Warner to clarify the intent of the proposal  with respect to the application of the bill to persons solely engaged  in the business of validating distributed ledger transactions through  proof of work, often called miners.   Am I correct that under our provisions it is our understanding that  Treasury and the IRS will not treat these miners as brokers?    Mr. President, I would ask Senator Warner to clarify the  intent of the Senate in this legislation with respect to persons solely  engaged in the business of selling hardware or software that allows  people to access their private keys.   Am I correct that these persons would not be treated as brokers under  the underlying legislation?    Mr. President, I thank my friend and colleague from  Virginia for those comments.   Our provisions are designed to bring more clarity and legitimacy to  the cryptocurrency industry by more closely aligning the reporting  requirements with those of more traditional financial services, and we  believe it does just that, and in doing so, will help provide more  certainty for people looking to invest in digital assets.   I thank my colleague Senator Warner for coming to the floor to  discuss this important provision.   I yield the floor.   