 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I know a lot of negotiations have been  going on in the bill that is soon to be before us, and I appreciate the  Senators from both parties who have done that, but sometimes we forget  that there are hundreds of other people who work on it.   I know the members of the Senate Appropriations Committee have been  working extremely hard. I think of people--Chuck Kieffer, Chanda  Betourney, Jessica Berry, and others in our committee--who have given  up weekends, evenings. They were working and briefing me until last  evening on the work they were doing because we can say what we want to  do, but then you have got to write it down.   The same thing happened with the bill that, fortunately, passed  unanimously here to reimburse our National Guard, to pay the backpay  and other necessities of the Capitol Police, to try to repair the  damage and improve the situation after what happened--the terrible  things that happened on January 6--to go for higher protections of  COVID for everybody who works here in the Capitol: the staff,  professionals, everybody. This is from those who clean the Capitol to  those who guard the Capitol; they all need this kind of protection.   And with the help of Jeanne Shaheen and others, we were able to put  in additional money and changes in the law to help us bring translators  back from Afghanistan, people who had worked and put their lives on the  line for our military, and bring them to safety.   As soon as, first, President Trump and then President Biden said we  are leaving, their lives and the lives of their families were greatly  endangered by the Taliban, and now they are back.   But I mention that because sometimes I might say, only half in jest,  that Senators are merely constitutional impediments to their staffs,  but we are very fortunate to have some of the brightest women and men  anywhere in the staffs of the Senators in both parties, and certainly  in those who administer the Senate, including those who are presently  sitting and preparing to help us on everything from points of order to  making sure the right papers are done and that the votes are counted  properly.   I see all of these people working hard here today when I came into  the Capitol, everybody from those who have to follow and make a copy of  what I say on the floor, on through. I didn't hear anybody say: Boy, I  wish I wasn't here.   I am sure just about everybody had other plans for Saturday and  Sunday instead of being here. I think we owe a great debt of gratitude  to those who  [[Page S5234]]  have come here who are helping us perform our duties. And I hope that  Senators on both sides of the aisle will take note of that, try to  bring these things to a conclusion--of course, have whatever votes we  need--but keep in mind that there are hundreds, thousands of people  working in the Capitol whose schedules are ofttimes disrupted because  of our schedules.   They do it. They help us. They support us. We could not do our job  without them. And I hope we will take note of that and help them in  reaching a conclusion or at least give some finality to what we are  doing.   I am willing to stay here whatever hours are necessary, but I am  hoping that we will know what those hours are so that the hundreds,  even thousands of other people who work here in the Capitol can go  about planning for themselves, their families, their friends, whatever  need be.   So I would note that both the distinguished Presiding Officer is  here, and I am here in the Senate. I am not holding up anything because  no other Senator is seeking recognition, but I hope this may be coming  to a conclusion.   With that, I will yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   