 Mr. President, from Utah's red rock canyons to our alpine  meadows, from the sprawling salt flats to the towering mountain peaks,  it is hard to overstate the beauty of Utah's majestic landscapes.   So much about being a Utahn is our connection to and care for our  land. These values have been engrained in our culture since the  pioneers found refuge here in 1847. We take great pride in the fact  that folks from all over the country and all over the world travel to  our State to experience these rich and diverse landscapes.   Utah has nearly the highest percentage of its land owned by the  Federal Government--nearly two-thirds of our 52 million acres. And of  that Federal land, more than 23 million acres is managed by the Bureau  of Land Management.   This land has been cared for and used by Utahns for generations-- recreationists and sportsmen who take advantage of the access to hike,  hunt, mountain bike, ATV, and camp; the ranchers who graze their  livestock to provide our food and fiber; the communities that rely on  the oil and gas development in the Basin or the coal mines and  powerplants to provide more than 70 percent of our electricity;  individuals interested in exploring the cultural anthropology of our  land; and simply the residents who look to our open spaces for  solitude.   Utahns deserve and demand that our public lands be managed by someone  they can trust. It is quite obvious that the President's nominee for  the Director of Bureau of Land Management, Tracy Stone-Manning, is not  worthy of our trust.   Ms. Stone-Manning's history of aiding ecoterrorism is extremely  troubling and alone should be disqualifying for the position to which  she has been nominated. It would be like nominating Bernie Madoff to  serve as Treasury Secretary.   For those who aren't familiar with tree spiking--an action with which  Ms. Stone-Manning has been associated--let me offer a brief synopsis.  Tree spiking involves hammering a metal or ceramic rod into a tree  trunk. Loggers could be seriously harmed or even killed when they cut  into the trunk of a tree that has been spiked. And the same goes for  sawmill operators who are processing the log in the mill. Ecoterrorists  who engage in tree spiking are willing to cause the gruesome injury or  death of hard-working Americans who are simply trying to provide for  their families.   But it is not only her efforts assisting ecoterrorists that are of  concern. Ms. Stone-Manning's blatant dishonesty about being  investigated over a tree-spiking incident to the Senate should  disqualify her serving as BLM Director.   I take my constitutional duty to provide advice and consent with  regard to Presidential nominees very seriously, as we all do. And with  limited exception, I believe Presidents, regardless of party, should be  able to put into place qualified individuals to lead their team. I have  supported several of President Biden's nominees even though I have  disagreed with them on particular policy issues because I believe they  were basically qualified for the position to which they had been  nominated.   Simply put, however, Tracy Stone-Manning's past involvement in  ecoterrorism and her attempt to conceal that participation before the  Senate make her unfit to serve as Director of the Bureau of Land  Management.   I will be opposing her nomination and urge my Democratic friends-- especially those who represent States with large amounts of Federal  land--to oppose her nomination as well.   