 Go ahead.    I thank the Senator, and I particularly want to thank  Senator Casey for his steadfast, dogged perseverance in pursuit of this  issue. He has stayed with it. He has advocated for it. He has been  persistent and persuasive, and I just want to thank you. You have  really exemplified what this body should be all about. It should care  about the American people and should take steps to alleviate their  pain. When they are in trouble, they have a friend in Pennsylvania. The  people of America have a friend in Pennsylvania, and I deeply  appreciate it.   Madam President, I used to teach a course in college called Leaders  and Leadership. I used case studies of different people, and it was a  very eclectic group. It ranged from Ernest Shackleton to Joshua  Chamberlain, to Winston Churchill, to Margaret Thatcher, and to a guy  named Jack Welch who was the President of General Electric and one of  the great business leaders of the late 20th and early 21st century.   One of Jack Welch's favorite quotes, which is also one of my  favorites, is that ``the essence of leadership is to look reality in  the eye and then do something about it''--``look reality in the eye and  then do something about it.''   I want to talk about some realities this afternoon. The reality is  that we are an aging population. Ten thousand people a day qualify for  Medicare--10,000 people a day. We are an aging population. My State of  Maine is, in fact, the oldest State in America. How old are we? Our  junior Senator is 77. The State of Maine and the country are aging.  That is a reality. We can wish it away and act like it is not really  happening, but that is an enormous demographic wave that is coming at  us right now. As the baby boomers retire and enter their sixties and  seventies, this is a reality that we have--10,000 people a day.   Another reality is that more and more of these people require care.  That is in the nature of our physical being. The older people get, they  require care. So the real question is, How are we going to care for  these people?   Thousands of them--hundreds of thousands--end up in nursing homes, in  long-term care, and those facilities do a yeoman's work, and they take  wonderful care of people. But 60 percent of the people in long-term  care are paid for by Medicaid. Sixty percent of the  [[Page S8855]]  people in long-term care are paid for by Medicaid. That is important  because I am going to be making the argument that the investments that  we are making in this bill are, in fact, investments that will actually  diminish expenditures in other areas.   Here's another reality. It costs about $26,000 a year to provide  home- and community-based services for a person with disabilities or a  senior who needs those services--$26,000 a year. Long-term care in a  nursing home is over $90,000 a year, almost four times as much.   So let me add one more reality and then I will come to the  conclusion--not the conclusion of the whole remarks. I don't want to  get your hopes up, Madam President--but my conclusion on this point.   Part of the reality is that most seniors don't want to go to nursing  homes until they have to. I used to go around Maine with my  commissioner of human services with groups of seniors and say: How many  of you want to go to a nursing home? No hands went up. Not that nursing  homes don't give good care or provide an essential need, but most  people would like to stay in their houses, in their homes, close to  their community, close to their family as long as they can.   So if you take the financial reality that it is almost one-fourth, 25  percent or maybe 30 percent, as expensive to keep them in their homes,  the taxpayers are paying 60 percent of the cost of nursing homes.  People want to be home. All of that argues in favor of enabling people  to stay home.   Every day that someone stays out of a long-term care facility it  saves the taxpayers about almost $200, every day for each day. So if  you can keep people in their homes longer, it is a good financial  investment.   It also provides preventive care and services. That is one of the  realities.   The other reality, as Senator Casey mentioned, is people with  disabilities, people who are trapped.   As he was making his remarks, I was thinking about the fundamental  promise of America and the Declaration of Independence--life, liberty,  and the pursuit of happiness. Abraham Lincoln once said that every  political opinion he had derived from the Declaration of Independence.  In my case, every political opinion I have is derived from Abraham  Lincoln, but the Declaration of Independence talks about life, liberty,  and the pursuit of happiness.   If you are disabled--if you can't walk up these stairs and you don't  have some help--you don't have much of a life, and you certainly don't  have liberty. All we think of as liberty is to be able to walk out your  door, go to the store, go to church, interact with our children. If you  can't do those things, you don't have liberty, and you certainly don't  have much happiness. So we are talking about the fundamental promise of  America--life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. It simply means  giving people the help they need, and they need it through no fault of  their own.   It is nobody's fault when they get older. That is not your fault, and  disability isn't your fault. The fellow who Senator Casey talked about  who was injured while playing football in high school wasn't at fault.  He wasn't at fault. This kind of thing can happen to anybody. So that  is really what we are talking about.   The reality is that we have a demographic tidal wave coming at us,  and the question is, Are we going to deal with it actively and confront  it or are we simply going to sit back and say, you know, ``It is like  it has always been''? It is not like it has always been. We have never  had a demographic boom in the seniors like we are going to have in the  next 20 years. Our generation--my generation--is the pig and the python  of the demographics of this country, and we are going to have to  confront it.   So how do we confront it? We confront it in a number of ways. We  confront it in several ways.   The home care provisions of this bill are one of the ways to confront  it. There is also a hidden economic benefit here. If people need care,  they are going to get it one way or another. They may well, in many  cases, be getting it from their children who then can't go to work. We  desperately need workers in this economy right now, but they are locked  up because they can't leave home. They can't leave their elderly moms.  So to have the home-based services liberates people in order for them  to participate in the economy.   What can we do about it?   We can do something about the wages of these people--of the people  working in this industry who are providing this essential care--who are  making $12 an hour. They are among the lowest paid in our society. How  do we know that the pay is inadequate? When a 50-percent turnover in a  home-based care company--in a home-based care exercise--in the  community is considered good. To have 100 percent turnover in a year is  not unusual. That tells you there is a real problem in the compensation  of the workforce. So this bill provides funds to improve the living  standard of the people who are providing these services. It provides  training. It provides a career path. It provides hope for people, not  only those who are giving the services but those who are needing the  services.   I believe this is an investment. This is the right investment in the  right people at the right time, and I deeply hope that our colleagues  will come together to support this investment in a timely way and not  wait until it is too late. Why wait until thousands of lives are  restricted and constrained? Let's do the right thing now. We know what  the reality is. This bill provides us a golden opportunity to meet it.   I yield the floor.   