 Madam Speaker, I rise first in support of my amendment,  the Gray Zone Assessment Act.   Whether we look at the annexation of Crimea, the militarization of  the South China Sea, the economic coercion of Australia, or the  cyberattacks that have stolen our data and crippled our industries, we  see the same pattern. Our adversaries are using methods of coercion  that lie somewhere in the so-called gray zone, between war and peace.   To make matters worse, thus far, we seem incapable of effectively  responding to this aggression. It is well past time that we have a  viable response.   Experts have identified several causes for our failure to deter these  gray zone campaigns--in particular, our weakness at coordinating all of  our tools of national power by requiring the GAO to take a hard look at  these problems. My amendment aims to move forward a process of reform  that will enable us to effectively counter the shadow war that China,  Russia, and others are waging against us and against the free world.   I would also like to voice my support for Mr. Connolly's amendment,  No. 114, the Global Health Security Act. After 18 months of lockdowns,  masks, social distancing, school closures, and, worst of all, a  mounting death toll, COVID-19 has taught us that a disease that starts  at the other side of the world can pose a direct national security  threat right here in America.   Back at the end of 2018, before COVID-19 even existed, Mr. Connolly  and I recognized this threat and believed that Congress needed to  support, direct, and provide oversight for our global health security  work abroad.   We introduced the bipartisan Global Health Security Act to strengthen  the U.S. and global capacity to better respond to outbreaks like COVID- 19. Passing this amendment will help us be prepared for the next virus  so that it does not become a pandemic like this one did.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  again thank the ranking member and the chair.   