 Madam President, I feel very privileged to be here  today to speak on behalf of Vanita Gupta, a dedicated public servant  who is devoted, deeply devoted, to equal justice, civil rights, and the  rule of law.   I have seen firsthand, and I know I am not the only one who has done  so, her consummate dedication to the integrity of the Department of  Justice, which is so vital to be restored at this moment in our  history.   The support for her reflects a broad, professionally and  ideologically diverse coalition of individuals and organizations that  know she is eminently qualified to be Associate Attorney General.   When she is confirmed, she will not only be the first civil rights  lawyer but also the first woman of color to serve as Associate Attorney  General.   She is, in effect, the leader we need in that position now. And we  need it right now. The Attorney General needs her right now. He has  said so. And we should be proud to confirm this eminently qualified  woman. Hers is the character that the Department of Justice requires to  help restore trust and credibility.   Now, the fact is that she has been a target of a smear campaign, a  vial and despicable campaign of lies and deception that are completely  unfounded. These attacks are based on demonstrable lies and  mischaracterizations.   Her previous tenure in the civil rights division makes absolutely  clear her commitment to enforcing the law with integrity and honesty,  with balance and insight. She has a proven record as a consensus  builder and as a leader.   And her work with law enforcement is the reason why she has such  support among law enforcement leaders, and that support is across party  lines. In fact, every major law enforcement organization refers and  supports her nomination.   Try as they might, unfortunately, our Republican colleagues continue  to smear her. She has never--she has never called for defunding the  police. She has never said many of the lies that are attributed to her.  And even more than being unfounded, these attacks are really the height  hypocrisy. It is unconscionable that Republicans would criticize this  lifelong public servant and Justice Department veteran after they  silently sat by when there was no Senate-confirmed Associate Attorney  General for nearly 3 years during the Trump administration. The outrage  that they feign should fall on deaf ears.   Our moment of reckoning is soon. It is not just our moment of  reckoning; it is a moment of reckoning for the Nation because, in the  last year, we have faced a global pandemic. We have grappled with  racial justice issues that have been ignored for too long, and we have  defended against an onslaught of hate and extremism.   We are at a pivotal moment. We urgently need her kind of leadership  to combat domestic terrorism, extremist violence, and hate crimes. In  fact, we are in the midst right now of considering a measure that will  help combat hate crimes, including my No Hate legislation. We know hate  crimes are surging, and Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders have been  the target of them, particularly the alarming wave of vitriolic attacks  most recently.   Vanita Gupta has been a leader in the fight against hate crimes. As  the head of the civil rights division, she was the Nation's chief civil  rights enforcer and prosecutor. And while leading that division, she  also headed the first prosecutions under the Matthew Shepard and James  Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act, which expanded the Federal hate  crime law to include, among other things, crimes motivated by a  victim's sexual orientation--crimes motivated by whom a person loved.   During her confirmation hearing, she committed to using the  Department of Justice tools to investigate and prosecute hate crimes  where they happen and to use its bully pulpit to prevent hate from  festering in communities around the country.   The plain truth is that Vanita Gupta is the right person at the right  time for this job. The Senate should confirm her as supremely qualified  for this eminently important assignment, and it should do so swiftly  with bipartisan support.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   