 Madam President, earlier this month, Senator Ernst and  I sent a letter to Secretary Mayorkas asking the Secretary to address  the  [[Page S7527]]  devastating cyber attacks conducted on our national agricultural  sector.   Agriculture is designated as one of the country's 16 critical  infrastructure industries but historically has not received robust  cyber security support from our government. Attacks from foreign cyber  criminals are threatening both the livelihood of our farmers and the  security of the food that we eat.   Last month, NEW Cooperative, an Iowa grain co-op, was the target of  BlackMatter, a Russian cyber criminal cell. The cyber attack shut down  systems that control crop irrigation, livestock feed schedules, and  inventory distribution. NEW Cooperative comprises about 40 percent of  the grain distribution in our country. The co-op narrowly managed to  avert a crash in grain prices without paying a $5.9 million ransom.   These attacks are not limited to just large distributors. The Russian  group BlackByte claimed it attacked Farmers Cooperative Elevator  Company, an Iowa grain co-op with just four locations. BlackByte is  threatening to release 100 gigabytes of sensitive data, including  financial, sales, and accounting information, if a ransom is not paid.   The extent of the damage from the NEW Cooperative and the Farmers  Cooperative Elevator Company attacks is not isolated to the grain  market. Feed from these co-ops sustain more than 11 million head of  livestock.   These attacks affect the supply chain that puts food on the shelves  of grocery stores all across our country. As Iowa farmers adopt new  technologies to get their crops to market, their exposure grows to  similar attacks.   These two ransomware attacks are only the latest in a very long line  of cyber attacks on our critical infrastructure this year. In July, a  Miami-based software provider was attacked, which resulted in trickle- down effects to thousands of organizations. In June, JBS Foods--that  happens to be the world's largest meat processing company--that company  was attacked, shutting down nine meat packing plants in the United  States. In May, Colonial Pipeline was shut down for 11 days, resulting  in buying panics and shortages.   While many cyber attacks originate from Russia, attacks have also  come from other countries. Earlier this year, the Biden administration  formally blamed China for a massive hack of the Microsoft Exchange  email server. The hackers responsible appeared to work directly for  China's Ministry of State Security. Estimates range as high as 250,000  victims in that attack.   In July, the Senate Judiciary Committee, where I serve as ranking  member, held a hearing at my request looking at how to prevent and  respond to ransomware attacks. During this hearing, witnesses testified  that the Department of Homeland Security would be identifying and  hardening critical points of failure. However, it is clear that their  actions up to now have not deterred criminals from targeting the U.S.  agricultural industry.   Now, farmers might be only 2 percent of the U.S. population, but they  provide food for the other 98 percent. Their job--the 2 percent of the  people in this country--is no small task. Keeping Americans fed is very  important.   There is an old quote that goes something like this: ``There are only  nine meals between mankind and anarchy.'' The quote is key to  understanding the importance of keeping our agricultural supply chain  safe and secure.   I want to thank my colleague Senator Ernst for joining me today in  calling attention to this ongoing national security concern because  agricultural security is national security. It is time that we do more  to protect this critical sector of agriculture.   I yield the floor.    Last week, Attorney General Garland said something  [[Page S7528]]  very extraordinary. He said he would not withdraw his memo in which he  instructed the FBI to get involved with local school boards.   Why would the FBI be interested in parents' meetings with their  school board? If there is a reason for law enforcement to be involved,  it is probably something local law enforcement can handle.   So the direction will have the effect of intimidating parents who  speak out about their children's education. And make no mistake about  it, we have heard those reports from the parents themselves. The  Attorney General should then withdraw the memo.   Here are the facts:   No. 1, on September 29, the National School Boards Association sent a  letter to President Biden asking for help from Federal law enforcement  against concerned parents who are getting involved at local school  board meetings. That letter compared parents to domestic terrorists. It  even suggested the PATRIOT Act should be used against them. Now,  remember, the PATRIOT Act was passed 20 years ago, written to protect  Americans against terrorists.   Point No. 2: On October 4, Attorney General Garland put out a memo  telling the FBI and other parts of the Department of Justice to work  with local governments on the supposed spike in harassment,  intimidation, and threat of violence against local school boards. The  National Security Division is included as well, apparently because they  deal with domestic terrorists and the PATRIOT Act.   Attorney General Garland has since testified that he gave the  Department of Justice this instruction because of what he read in the  National School Boards Association letter to President Biden just 5  days earlier of when the memo was issued. This is an extraordinary  deployment of Federal law enforcement in local issues when we have  problems--very big problems--like a historic murder surge and  especially an open southern border. That latter, the southern border,  you see the chaos and the crisis every day on television.   From these two points, what have we learned since the memo was put  out? First, we learned the White House helped write the original letter  from the National School Boards Association sent to the White House,  not to the Department of Justice. Next, we learned that the State  school board associations, affiliated with the national association,  had nothing to do with putting together the letter. Over 20 of these  State organizations have publicly disavowed the National School Boards  Association's letter that brought about this directive.   Now, think about that. The White House helped write a letter to  itself comparing parents who love their kids to domestic terrorists,  but the actual members of the National School Boards Association had  nothing to do with it.   On October 22, the National School Boards Association actually  apologized for its original letter that started this whole mess in the  first place and was never even authorized by its own board.   Meanwhile, 17 State attorneys general have written to Attorney  General Garland saying there has been no spike in violence against  local school boards. So the idea that parents pose any sort of Federal  threat to local school boards is all just simply made up by what looks  to be the White House for political purposes.   Despite all that, the Attorney General says he will not change one  thing about his memo telling the Department of Justice to continue  focusing on local school boards. That memo stands, as far as the  Attorney General is concerned.   Attorney General Garland says that he doesn't see how it could be  interpreted to mean the FBI will go after impassioned parents. He says  there are lines in constitutional law that law enforcement can't cross.  Well, that is true, but he has been working with the Constitution his  entire life. However, most parents and most school board members aren't  experts on the First Amendment.   These parents are reading the Attorney General's own words to mean  that when they speak passionately at local school board meetings, they  could get in trouble with Federal officials. So parents are going to  stop speaking up at local school board meetings, and that is what is  known as a chilling effect.   That might be what some at the White House or the National School  Boards Association wanted all along, but it is a horrible thing for our  democracy, and it should never happen in the United States of America.   Attorney General Garland has said he wants to depoliticize the  Department of Justice. Now, he wants Federal prosecutors parsing what  parents say to their local school board members. This is because he  thinks there is a disturbing spike in violence by parents, but he is  not actually sure if that is right. And this instruction is going to  scare parents out of speaking their minds at local school board  meetings. But the Attorney General won't change his instructions to the  FBI.   Mr. Attorney General, parents are not domestic terrorists, and you  have only one reasonable choice: Withdraw this memo and focus on the  real threats and dangers that American citizens face. Stop being a pawn  for the White House by politicizing the Department of Justice.   I yield the floor.   