 DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I ran for Congress to  help people in Chicago, in Illinois and across the country achieve the  American dream. The Build Back Better Act represents a transformative  investment in children, families, workers, businesses, and the planet  that will improve health and well-being, advance economic and  environmental justice, meaningfully address climate change, and grow  our economy while asking the wealthiest and most secure to pay their  fair share. The pandemic has harmed tens of millions of Americans-- disproportionately hurting African Americans and other communities of  color, women, seniors, and children. This bill meets immediate needs  for food, shelter, medical care, and child care as well as long-term  needs for quality education, good-paying jobs, safe roads and water,  and a healthy environment. I am deeply proud that many priorities that  I have championed are included in this historic bill.   It provides 4 weeks of paid family and medical leave for workers so  that they do not face the inhumane choice of caring for loved ones or  financial ruin. Lower-income workers and workers of color are much less  likely to have any paid leave, yet are more likely to need it due to  greater health challenges and less savings to weather caregiving  without pay. As Chair of the Subcommittee with jurisdiction over paid  leave, I have worked closely with Ways and Means Chairman Neal and  advocates to shape this equity-generating, universal benefit.   The bill enhances the Earned Income Tax Credit to improve the  economic well-being of millions of childless workers and noncustodial  parents--with new help for younger workers, foster and homeless youth,  and seniors. I've fought for these improvements for over a decade via  my Responsible Fatherhood Act. These changes will help 17 million  adults nationwide and over 600,000 in Illinois.   It provides $2 billion to train workers with barriers to employment-- including people with records--for careers in the allied health  professions. This provision will help Chicago State which has a stellar  Health Profession Opportunity Grant program and expand programs like  those offered by the Safer Foundation to help people with records  become successful healthcare professionals.   It helps vulnerable students by making Pell non-taxable and removing  the lifetime ban on the American Opportunity Tax Credit for past felony  drug convictions.   It incents substantial private investment in solar energy that will  reduce electricity costs for tens of millions of low-income individuals  while making the air they breathe safer.   It contains strong labor provisions so that our investments in green  energy benefit workers as well as businesses.   It includes $1 billion for to help justice-involved individuals  obtain employment and training services via the Reentry Employment  Opportunities Program. It makes sure that people leaving prison have  Medicaid coverage to improve health and successful reentry.   It includes $2.5 billion for public health approaches to reduce  community violence and  [[Page H6664]]  advance trauma interventions, which I have championed via the RISE from  Trauma Act.   It helps restore fairness to the tax code by rolling back the  Republicans' punitive limit on the State and Local Tax deduction to  hurt citizens in blue states like Illinois.   The pandemic hit Black renters with children especially hard, with 29  percent reporting that their household is not caught up on rent.  Further, in 2020, Black and Latino families with children were more  than twice as likely to suffer food insecurity as white households. The  Build Back Better Act addresses racial and economic inequities for  communities of color and rural and underserved communities. It  dramatically reduces child poverty via a substantial Child Tax Credit,  raising a projected 4.1 million children above the poverty line and  cutting child poverty by more than 40 percent. In October alone, the  advanced CTC gave caregivers in my Congressional District over $30  million to provide food, shelter, and other necessities for 121,000  children. This bill makes the largest investment in affordable housing  and community development in half a century--over $145 billion--and it  feeds the hungry with $10 billion for nutrition.   It makes Americans healthier by decreasing the cost of health  insurance and medication, expanding medical services, investing $1  billion in community health centers, and providing tremendous funding  to reduce health inequities.   It makes the largest investment in child care in our Nation's  history, saving most families more than half of their spending on child  care. Further, it makes historic investments to care for seniors and  individuals with disabilities so that they can receive care in their  homes and communities, recognizing the need to care for our aging  population.   It makes the largest expansion of free education since our country  established public high schools a century ago. It provides universal  and free preschool for all 3- and 4-year-olds, promoting racial equity  in education. In addition, it expands access to affordable higher  education by increasing the Pell grants by $550 for more than 5 million  students, creating grants to close the college completion gap, and  investing in Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Minority  Serving Institutions, including Predominantly Black Institutions like  Malcolm X, Olive-Harvey, and Chicago State.   This legislation invests billions in small businesses, including $1.6  billion for minority owned businesses and $105 million for education  and financial assistance for the formerly-incarcerated to form  businesses to create jobs in their communities. Further, it ensures the  largest effort to combat climate change in American history.   I am honored to vote for this once-in-a-generation legislation. I  came to Congress to make this type of momentous change. I urge my  colleagues to pass it.   