 Madam President, I appreciate the comments of my  colleague from Indiana. What he didn't have under that Christmas tree  or in the stocking was a lump of coal because I guess a lump of coal is  not something we would find in Build Back Better. Even though there is  a lot of stuff in there that is really bad for our economy right now,  bad for our families, bad for our workers. And when you think about it,  right now, we are in a time of high inflation, supply chain  difficulties, record levels of debt and deficit, and an uncertain  economy due largely to the uncertainty regarding COVID and particularly  this variant, the Omicron.   So this is not a time for us to be putting forward a massive new  spending bill and a massive new tax increase on the American economy.  In fact, it is the time for us to retrench a little bit and try to help  to get back to where we were before COVID-19.   Remember, that was the time when after the 2017 tax reforms, we had a  great economy, by any measure. And it was an opportunity time. It was  the lowest poverty rate in the history of our country since we started  keeping track in the 1950s.   As of February, just before going into the COVID-19 period, February  2020, we had 19 straight months of wage gain of over 3 percent. By the  way, that was over inflation because inflation was so low. So people  were feeling it. They were actually getting a wage increase. In my  State of Ohio, that was the first time in probably a decade and a half.   Now, it is just the opposite. Wages are actually down when you take  inflation into account. And inflation is high, as everyone feared  because we have dumped so much on the demand side of the economy, and  the supply side is restricted, in part, because of what has happened  with COVID, and it creates this inflation. This was warned by not just  Republicans like myself, but back in March, when President Biden and  the Democrats put $1.9 trillion into this economy--the most ever, the  biggest bill ever--it was Larry Summers, former Secretary of the  Treasury under President Clinton, and NEC, National Economic Council,  Chair under President Obama, who said: You know, this is going to stoke  inflation. It is going to overheat the economy.   And that is exactly what it did.   So we have this high inflation. We have these record levels of debt  and deficit. We are talking about extending the debt limit right now,  and people think the number is going to be--just to extend it for about  a year--over $2 trillion; meaning that we are spending so much more  than we are taking in. And yet there is this discussion that somehow  before Christmas we are going to put forward this Build Back Better  legislation that we just talked about.   It is not building back America better. Unfortunately, it is building  us worse off than we were and adding to inflation, adding to the supply  chain difficulties, adding to the debt and deficits at record levels,  and certainly doing nothing with regard to COVID-19.   So why would we do this? And certainly why would we do this now? It  makes no sense. Well, because I guess there was a promise made that we  are going to have this massive new spending and these massive new tax  increases.   What is in there? Well, on the spending side, when you look at it, it  is the largest spending bill ever put forward by the U.S. Congress,  unless you believe that it is really only $1.7 trillion instead of two  or three times that. In that case, it is the second biggest ever. But  the analyses I have seen from the Penn Wharton study, from the  Committee for a Responsible Budget, and from others said: You know,  there are a lot of sunsets in there.   As an example, the child tax credit lasts for 1 year. Does anybody  believe it only lasts for 1 year? That wouldn't be the history of this  place. So it will continue.   So these sunsets are not going to be effective so the spending will  continue to increase. The tax increases don't cover them so there will  be a big gap accrued to the deficit, and the projections are it is more  like $4\1/2\ trillion in spending. So it is the largest increase in the  history of our country by far.  [[Page S9070]]    We are talking about doing this, again, at a time when already we  have record levels of debt and deficit and high inflation and driven by  COVID, a lot of uncertainty in our economy.   On the tax side, I could argue it is even worse because the tax  increases are going to be hard on workers because they are taxes on  businesses. What the Joint Committee on Taxation says--which is the  nonpartisan group here in Congress that advises us--what CBO says, the  Congressional Budget Office says, what other outside groups say is the  same thing, which is when you tax these businesses, who gets taxed?  Well, it is workers--lower wages, lower benefits.   Seventy percent of the benefit of our tax cuts in 2017 went to  workers, and 70 percent of this increase in taxes will be coming out of  workers' pockets. So it is a bad idea. But let's look a little deeper  at what these taxes actually are. There is a 15-percent minimum tax--a  new alternative minimum tax, which is always complicated for everybody  to figure out what that is. But in this case, it is called the book  tax.   Now, I don't know if this was on purpose or not. I assume it wasn't.  But the book tax, as you apply it to our economy, will result in real  damage to things that most people think are important like defined  benefit plans, pension plans. Democrats and Republicans alike have  supported defined benefit plans. I support them. Unfortunately, there  aren't as many as there used to be. But there will be even fewer if  this passes. Why? Because when you calculate your taxes under the book  tax, you now have to take into account whatever your asset increase is  in your pension. And if you are one of these companies caught up in  this, you could well find yourself in a situation where, for the first  time ever, you get no deduction for your contribution to your pension.  Why would we do that? And then you are taxed on the asset increase,  which may be caused by higher interest rates, may be caused by the  market going up, but you get no benefit in your company, and your  profits in your company may not be enough to pay those taxes.   Here is an example of this. There are some companies that have  figured out this problem. By the way, there are some unions figuring it  out, too, because a lot of union workers are caught up in this as well  because they have defined benefit plans, typically. The company is  saying: OK. If I make $100 million in profit and if I have a $2 billion  or $1 billion increase in my pension assets and you apply a 15-percent  tax to that, I am not going to have enough money to pay my taxes.   So what are they going to do? Well, they could declare bankruptcy.  They could get a loan, which again hurts workers. So that, I hope, is  an inadvertent part of this, but that is in this legislation.   Why do we want to hurt defined benefit plans?   I think it was an effort to say: OK. We are going to raise taxes, but  we are going to do it in a sort of convoluted way so that it doesn't  look like we are really raising taxes. But it is real taxes, and it is  going to hurt, again, workers in America.   Another thing it would disqualify companies from doing is taking what  is called bonus depreciation. All of us, I thought, were kind of  supportive of that.   In 2017, that tax bill, this put in place where you can immediately  write off expansion of plant equipment. Retailers love it, restaurants  love it, and so do manufacturers. And they use it a lot. And those  manufacturers are telling me: OK. Now, under the book tax, you have to  go back to the regular depreciation so you are not writing things off  that first year as you can now under bonus depreciation. Why would you  want to do that right now, again, with all the economic uncertainty out  there, with COVID, with inflation fears? We want to encourage people to  expand plant equipment, and there are a lot of people hesitating. That  is in this legislation.   Now let's talk quickly about the SALT provisions. We already know  what that is because it has gotten a lot of play. But the State and  local tax deduction means that in States like mine, Ohio, we are  subsidizing high-tax States. So if you are from Missouri--Senator Blunt  is here on the floor--or if you are from Ohio, by having a deduction  for your State and local taxes at the Federal level, you are not only  encouraging those States to continue to have high taxes and even have  further taxes if you are being subsidized by Federal taxpayers, but it  is unfair to those States that have done the responsible thing to try  to keep taxes under control.   But in this legislation, Democrats say: No, we are going to increase  this cap from 10,000 to 80,000 bucks a year; in other words, provide  more help to the SALT beneficiaries. Guess what. There is an analysis  out this week that says almost none of that benefit goes to Americans  who are not in the top 10 percent of wage earners. Almost none of that  benefit that is in this bill goes to people not in the top 10 percent.  There is $285 billion devoted to this--$100 billion more than is  devoted to the cornerstone social safety net program, the childcare  credit in this bill. Over $100 billion more for this.   So how does this all shake out in terms of whom it is helping and  whom it is hurting?   Well, here are what the numbers are. This is, again, the Joint Tax  Committee, folks who are nonpartisan, looking at this. Almost 70  percent--almost 70 percent--of people who make $1 million or more a  year are going to get a significant tax cut because of this  legislation.   Think about that. It is about 68 percent-plus are going to get a  significant tax cut if you make a million bucks a year. If you are a  millionaire, you are going to do very well.   If you make between $500,000 and a million bucks a year, 90 percent  will get a tax cut under this legislation.   But if you make $30,000 a year--only 30,000--only 30 percent of  people who make $30,000 a year are going to get tax relief under this  legislation, and that is just in the first year.   In the second year, it goes down below 30 percent to 12 percent; in  the third year, 10 percent; and then it goes down to single digits. So  the benefit is heavily skewed toward higher income Americans. Why would  we do that? It just makes no sense. Are we worried about millionaires?  But that is in this legislation.   So, again, I would say, Build Back Better? I don't think so. We were  building pretty well when we had the lowest poverty rate in the history  of our country, when we had the lowest unemployment rate ever for  Blacks, Hispanics, the disabled, when we had 50-year lows in  unemployment overall in our economy, when we had a situation where  wages were going up--again, 19 straight months of 3 percent or more  wage gains. It was real wage gains above inflation.   Let's get back to that. That is how you grow the opportunity economy.  That is how you give people a chance. That is how you help everybody.   But let's not do this massive new spending bill that will cause more  inflation, massive tax increases that are going to hurt the economy and  hurt workers, especially coming into the holiday season. Let's instead  do something that gives the American people the gifts they deserve.   I yield the floor.   