 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Look, we have seen the worst 10 months of any administration in  history. We went from a secure border to chaos. We went from safe  streets to violent crime. We have seen stable prices turn into  inflation and empty shelves. The respect around the world we had has  now turned into the debacle that was the exit from Afghanistan. And we  went from peace in the Middle East with the Abraham Accords to  thousands of rockets being fired on our friend and ally, Israel; not to  mention, energy independence to now the spectacle of the President of  the United States begging OPEC to increase production.   But what scares me most is what this administration and Democrats are  doing to freedom. Every right we enjoy under the First Amendment has  been assaulted over the last year.   Your right to practice faith. There are still places today in the  country where a full congregation can't meet on Sunday morning.   Your right to petition your government, your right to assemble,  freedom of the press, freedom of speech--every single one has been  attacked.   We just learned in the Judiciary Committee from the Attorney General  that the National School Boards Association last month, September 29,  sends a letter to the President of the United States asking the FBI to  get involved in local school board matters. Five days later, the  Attorney General issues a memo to do just that.   The first sentence of the Attorney General's memo says this: In  recent months, there has been a disturbing spike in harassment,  intimidation, and threats at school board meetings.   We asked him a simple question: What is the evidence for a spike in  threats? What is the data? What did you review?   Guess what his answer was. His only evidence, the only thing he  reviewed, was the letter from the school boards association, from a  political organization. Now, they are going to target parents at school  board meetings.   And we have the January 6 committee issuing subpoena after subpoena.  Eleven of the people they have issued subpoenas to were names on an  application asking the government for permission to hold a rally.  Individuals exercising their First Amendment right to assemble, asked  the government for permission, the government granted them permission,  and now these 20- and 30-year-olds, whose names are on that  application, they are going to be deposed by these guys for simply  exercising their First Amendment right.   Here is what they are asking them, we want to know who the speakers  were and how were they selected. We want to know any communications  these people--who put their names on a permit, got permission from the  government--we want to know any Member of Congress you talked to.   Wow. Your right to petition your government, that is why they are  subpoenaing these people? This is scary, where they want to go.   These questions--coordination of speakers, discussions of contents-- this sounds like what the IRS did to people 10 years ago when they were  asking 501(c) groups applying for tax-exempt status, do you pray at the  start of your meeting?   First, it is school boards, then it is people applying for a permit.  We saw what the IRS did to people just a few years ago; not to mention  what else the committee is doing; preservation letters to all of the  carriers, all of the companies; preserve every call, every email, every  text. Think about that. Every call someone made to--hundreds and  hundreds, supposedly, according to news reports. They have done this  for texts to your spouse, calls to your mom. Preserve it all. And this  is just what we know about. This is just what has been reported.   And now Steve Bannon. Now Steve Bannon. Mr. Bannon is a target of the  investigation, for the investigation, because--and this is the select  committee's own report--``His efforts to plan political activity.''   That is the standard. If you are involved in political activity, they  are going to investigate you.   We know what this is really about. This is about getting at President  Trump. They tried to stop President Trump before he was even elected  with the Russia investigation; tried to remove President Trump from  office twice while he was in office. And now they are trying to get him  after the fact, after he has left, all because this guy cut taxes,  reduced regulation, gave us the greatest economy in 50 years, lowest  unemployment, all because he built the wall, got us out of the Iran  deal, put the embassy in Jerusalem. When President Trump was President,  Americans got their Christmas presents on time. But they are coming  after him.  [[Page H5765]]    The Reuters story said this: The FBI has found no evidence that  President Trump, or people directly around him, were involved in  organizing the violence.   They don't care. They don't care that the FBI has no evidence. The  Senate report said no evidence of a coordinated plan. They don't care.  They are going to drag these 11 people in for depositions with  subpoenas, because they are so determined to get their political  enemies.   