 Mr. President, after months of unnecessary handwringing,  Vice President Harris has finally announced that she intends to visit  the U.S.-Mexico border.   She was, as you will recall, tapped by the President to lead the  efforts to stem the current humanitarian crisis back in March. But 3  months in, she has spent more time trying to figure out how to support  Central American countries than how to help American law enforcement  and community leaders in Texas.   In the absence of any action from the administration--in fact, any  acknowledgement of the crisis, at all--the humanitarian crisis has  gotten nothing but worse. In March, the first month of her heading up  the administration's response, there were 173,000 migrants that crossed  our southern border. Then, in April, the number went up to 178,000 and,  in May, 180,000 migrants. We are now on track to see the highest number  of total yearly border crossings in two decades, according to the  Secretary of Homeland Security, Mr. Mayorkas.   At the center of this crisis are unaccompanied children, who are  brought to this country by cartels and human smugglers. We know that  the migrant children endure a long and dangerous journey to our border,  often arriving malnourished, abused, and in critical health. Some of  the young girls even arrive pregnant, and we know that many of them  have been sexually assaulted en route by these human smugglers who care  nothing for their welfare. All they care about is the cold, hard  dollar. I have talked to a number of these children and heard them  retell their horrific stories about their journey from their home to  our border.   Since January, since the time that President Biden and Vice President  Harris were inaugurated, more than 65,000 unaccompanied children have  entered our country with no parent and no adult guardian, an absolutely  devastating figure. These children are then placed with sponsors in the  interior of the United States--sometimes a family member, sometimes a  complete stranger. Thirty days after these children are placed with  their American-based sponsor, not necessarily even an American citizen,  a full 20 percent of them don't respond to a phone call or a wellness  check when a person associated with the U.S. Government knocks on the  door. And we have no idea what happens to these children once they are  lost to the system.   The Border Patrol's Rio Grande Valley Sector is the epicenter of this  human crisis. Between October and April, that is where nearly half of  all unaccompanied children were encountered. In the 3 months since the  Vice President has been in charge of this crisis, I have visited the  Rio Grande Valley Sector twice. I have spoken with law enforcement,  elected officials, and nongovernmental organizations that try to be of  assistance to the migrants while they are in the country, and a long  list of other people who are trying to do everything in their power to  manage this overwhelming number of humanity coming across our border.   On Friday, Vice President Harris won't get to speak with these men  and women. Why is that? Well, she will be more than 1,000 miles away,  down the border from the Border Patrol sector experiencing the worst of  this crisis.   I know there are probably folks who are not from Texas who think that  the whole border is exactly the same, but that is not true. I had the  chance to travel to Tucson with Senator Sinema, the Senator from  Arizona, and I got a chance to observe how different the border is in  the Tucson Sector from the Rio Grande Valley, which she traveled with  me to see after we left Tucson. But since October, the Rio Grande  Valley Sector has encountered nearly three times as many unaccompanied  children as the El Paso Sector and more than seven times more family  units.   The situation along the entirety of the U.S. border is challenging,  to be sure, and El Paso has suffered during the crisis too, no doubt.  Law enforcement, nongovernmental organizations, and community leaders  in every border sector are struggling to manage the massive surge of  migrants.   When asked why she hadn't visited the border yet, the Vice President  said she wasn't interested in grand gestures. Yet here she is planning  a trip in a way that reflects, again, that she doesn't really fully  comprehend the magnitude of the crisis and where it really exists on  steroids, which is in the Rio Grande Valley. It is not even fair to say  that she is a day late and a dollar short. She is nearly 100 days late  and 1,000 miles short.   By ignoring the Rio Grande Valley, the busiest Border Patrol sector  along  [[Page S4719]]  the U.S.-Texas-Mexico border, the Vice President is shifting the focus  away from the most serious problems of the crisis that she has failed  to solve or even contribute any constructive ideas to. It won't  surprise you to know that during my time in the Senate, because my  State does have a 1,200-mile common border with Mexico, I have spent a  lot of time listening to and learning from folks who live and work  along our border. Our border is a beautiful part of our State, rich in  a unique culture and a rich sense of community that you can't find in  many parts of the country.   Through no fault of their own, these border communities are being  overwhelmed by the sheer number of migrants crossing the border, and  the local leaders are beyond frustrated with the failures of the  Federal Government to live up to its obligation to provide security  along an international border.   The President and Vice President have, I have to acknowledge,  verbally encouraged migrants not to come to the United States. But  those words mean nothing. They are hollow rhetoric indeed when somebody  can simply pick up the phone and call a family member in the United  States or watch the evening news and see how easy it is to make your  way across the border, not to mention the fact that the human  smugglers, the cartels who charge thousands of dollars per head, are  whispering in their ear saying: We can get you across the border if you  just pay us our fee.    The reality of the situation is we are nearing a breaking point, and  the Vice President and President could see that if they were only  willing to join me and others who would be more than happy to host them  by visiting the Rio Grande Valley. The administration has wasted  valuable time that could have been spent addressing the crisis.   This is a crisis in policy. This is not where building an additional  physical barrier would stop many of these migrants. Some of that would,  and the Border Patrol said it has a part to play, but the truth is many  of these migrants are turning themselves over to law enforcement  authorities. They are not running away because they have figured out  the gaps in our law better than we have.   The administration has wasted valuable time that could have been  spent addressing this crisis, and instead, it has just gotten worse.  Now the question is, What are they going to do about it? If they are  looking for ideas, I am happy to offer a suggestion.   There is already a grassroots plan out there that was built from the  bottom up by Senators and Congressmen most familiar with this crisis.  Last month, Senator Sinema, the Senator from Arizona, and I introduced  the Bipartisan Border Solutions Act, a straightforward, commonsense way  to address this crisis. We have been proud to work with two House  Members. The Presiding Officer knows Congressman Cuellar from Laredo,  TX, along with Tony Gonzales, who represents one of the biggest  congressional districts contiguous to the U.S.-Mexico border, and they  are our cosponsors in the House.   So a bipartisan, bicameral bill to address the very crisis that Vice  President Harris and President Biden have been trying to avoid learning  more about, at least until now--this legislation has the support, as I  said, of Members of both parties and in both Chambers, as well as a  diverse range of well-respected organizations. The U.S. Hispanic  Chamber of Commerce, the National Border Patrol Council, the National  Immigration Forum, and more than a dozen other organizations support  this legislation.   I would be more than happy to sit down with the President and the  Vice President to discuss our bill, which includes the input of leaders  who are dealing with the brunt of the crisis along the border. If the  administration truly wants to address this crisis, they need to get  serious about how to do so, and a photo op simply will not get the job  done.   The Vice President, I think, would be well served and would be  serving the people of this country well if she would visit the Rio  Grande Valley and listen to the law enforcement, elected officials,  NGOs, and other men and women who are doing their best to try to deal  with this crisis without much help from the administration.   The administration has wasted too much time already. Now is not the  time for another empty gesture.   I yield the floor.   