 Mr. President, you know, the Under Secretary of  Defense for Policy serves as the national security advisor to the  Secretary of Defense. This position requires even temperament, sound  judgment, and a willingness to work with both sides of the aisle to  protect and advance our national security.   As many of my colleagues have noted, President Biden's nominee for  this important position severely lacks these qualities.   Colin Kahl has promoted conspiracy theories on social media. He makes  outrageous claims against those who disagree with him, like when he  called Republicans ``the party of ethnic cleansing.'' And he views the  threats of our Nation solely through the lens of partisan politics.   Dr. Kahl blatantly downplayed the threat of Russia when our colleague  Mitt Romney highlighted it during the 2012 Presidential campaign but  then promoted numerous lies about President Trump and Russia after the  2016 election. This is not--and I repeat--not the kind of person who  should serve in the Pentagon's No. 3 position.   But today I want to address another issue. Dr. Kahl presents himself  as an academic, but he often makes claims that are not grounded in  data. That is especially true when it comes to the situation along our  southern border.   As everybody knows, the illegal migration crisis is not new. As of  2017, according to the Pew Research Center, there were an estimated  10.5 million unauthorized immigrants in this country. And according to  Pew, over 77 percent of those unauthorized immigrants came from within  the Western Hemisphere. President Trump came into office in 2017  promising to do something about this challenge: enforce our immigration  laws and reinforce southern security along our border. Dr. Kahl  disagreed with his policy, and that is certainly his right, but rather  than explain why he disagreed, he promoted baseless lies.   In October 2018, a migrant caravan surged toward our southwestern  border. President Trump deployed approximately 5,000 U.S. members of  our service to support the Department of Homeland Security at the  border. This was not, as some in the media claimed, a ``show of  force.'' This was the defense support to civil authority's mission, the  type of mission that the DOD also does to support FEMA during  hurricanes.   Dr. Kahl has served previously at the Pentagon. He has served as  National Security Advisor to the Vice President. He knows what defense  support to civil authority is and what these missions entail. But  rather than explain any of this to his many thousands of Twitter  followers, Dr. Kahl told them that the deployment was a ``stunt.'' This  was a terrible insult to the men and women in uniform who were  supporting DHS at the time. But more to the point, it was also a  blatant lie.   A few months later, Dr. Kahl called the situation at the border a  ``fake crisis'' and also tweeted that ``Trump's claims of a border  crisis are bogus.''   To justify his claims, Kahl cited data showing a decrease in arrests  at the southern border. But there was one problem with his data:  arrests along the border always decline when border enforcement is lax.   Well, as we know, President Trump stepped up enforcement at the  border, and it worked. As a result, arrests at the border surged  through the first half of 2019. More border security means more  arrests, but it also deters future illegal migrants, and that is why  illegal border crossings fell dramatically in the second half of 2019.   Far from being a ``fake crisis,'' as Dr. Kahl would have it, this was  a crisis that was not being properly addressed until President Trump  took action. Today, we have another crisis at the border. We have seen  a record number of illegal crossings and arrests in recent months as  illegal migrants anticipate a more welcoming environment under  President Biden's administration.   The Biden administration has made detrimental changes to our border  policy, including ending the ``Remain in Mexico'' policy. But it is  worth noting what has not changed: U.S. troops are still deployed in  support of DHS along the border. They are still there. Anyone who has  taken the time to visit our southern border, as I was there just a few  weeks ago, understands that if our  [[Page S2112]]  troops were not in this region, the crisis at the border would only  grow worse.   Colin Kahl saw the deployment as a ``stunt'' under President Trump. I  suspect he sees it a little differently under President Biden. And that  is exactly the problem: Colin Kahl's judgment is often based on  partisan politics, not data.   We cannot accept the risk of having someone so partisan in the  Defense Department's No. 3 position. This position requires someone who  bases his recommendations on data and not on the top trending hashtag.  I urge my colleagues to vote against the motion to discharge.   Let Colin Kahl keep tweeting and let the administration send us  another nominee.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   