 Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, in an ideal world we would not need a  vaccine mandate. In the ideal world the vast majority of people who can  get vaccinated would heed the advice of scientists and of public health  officials and take the very simple step to get vaccinated so that we  can get this pandemic under control.   But, unfortunately, our reality is very different. We have been  working to contain this virus and manage this unprecedented health  crisis for nearly 2 years now. It has cost us more than 765,000  American lives, and millions of other Americans have been infected and  may face lifelong health challenges as a result.  [[Page S8421]]    It doesn't have to be this way. We have safe, effective, and  lifesaving vaccines that are now, thankfully, available to a  significant number of Americans.   Vaccines are our best tool to finally get this pandemic under  control, and requiring the folks who are able to get vaccinated is just  simply common sense. We are all tired of this pandemic, and we all want  it to end. We are tired of wearing masks because some folks refuse to  get vaccinated. We are tired of wondering if we could unknowingly be  exposing our vulnerable family members who are taking every precaution.  We are tired of waiting for enough people to get vaccinated so that our  schools and our businesses and our daily lives can just get back to  normal.   And we are tired of emergency rooms and healthcare workers getting  overrun by COVID cases from people who are not vaccinated, when we  already have the best tool to prevent the spread in the first place.  Our frontline healthcare workers are being crushed by the consistently  high number of cases, and public health experts are predicting that yet  another spike will likely hit this winter unless people get vaccinated.   In my home State of Michigan, the number of unvaccinated patients  hospitalized with COVID is once again climbing. A headline from today  noted that Michigan has just reached a new pandemic record with the  highest COVID case average in the Nation and that deaths across the  State continue to rise. Emergency rooms are packed, and in some areas  patients are forced to wait for hours or for days to be admitted.   There is one key factor that is driving this horrific scenario: 88  percent of the cases, 88 percent of the hospitalizations, and 88  percent of the tragic deaths were all people who were unvaccinated.   We can put an end to this nightmare by getting more Americans  vaccinated.   You know, we require so many preventive measures to keep ourselves  and others safe. We wear seatbelts in our cars. We require hardhats on  construction sites. We get vaccinated to protect ourselves against a  whole number of health risks. And we do it because we know it saves  lives and it keeps people healthy.   The answer is simple: Get vaccinated.   Mr. President, I object.   