 Good afternoon again, Senators, Mr. President.   There are two fundamental questions for purposes of this free speech  analysis. First, does the First Amendment to the Constitution apply in  this Chamber to these impeachment proceedings? Second, if it does, do  the words spoken by Mr. Trump at the Ellipse on January 6 meet the  definition of ``constitutional incitement'' so as to void the  protections afforded by the First Amendment? I will explain why the  answers to both of these questions must be a resounding yes.   The Constitution and the First Amendment must certainly apply to  these impeachment proceedings, and Mr. Trump's speech deserves full  protection under the First Amendment, but before getting into the legal  analysis, some preliminary observations about the House managers' case  should be made.   First, this case, unfortunately, is about political hatred. It has  become very clear that the House Democrats hate Donald Trump. This type  of political hatred has no place in our political institutions and  certainly no place in the law. This hatred has led the House managers  to manipulate and selectively edit Mr. Trump's speech to make it  falsely appear that he sought to incite the crowd to violently attack  the Capitol. He didn't, and we will show you why.   The hatred has also led the House managers to make some astounding  legal arguments. They astoundingly urge you to disregard your oath by  ignoring the First Amendment of the Constitution. They also ignore  landmark binding United States Supreme Court cases, precedents--Wood  and Bond--both of which unequivocally hold that elected officials have  core First Amendment rights to engage in the exact type of political  speech which Mr. Trump engaged in. I was shocked the House managers not  only spent a mere three pages on the First Amendment analysis in their  trial memo but that, yesterday, they spent a mere 10 minutes, at the  end of their case, as a throwaway. What we have read and what we have  heard is devoid of any constitutional analysis, far less than what I  would expect from a first-year law student. They left out landmark  cases--total intellectual dishonesty.   And, finally, hatred is at the heart of the House managers' frivolous  attempt to blame Donald Trump for the criminal acts of the rioters  based on double hearsay statements of fringe rightwing groups based on  no real evidence other than rank speculation.   Hatred is a dangerous thing. We all have to work to overcome it.  Hatred should have no place in this Chamber, in these proceedings.   The second observation.   The Senate is presented with an extraordinary task of sitting in  judgment of a former President's words in a speech that he gave at a  political event. The House managers accused Mr. Trump of using his  words to incite the horrific events at the Capitol on January 6, but  yesterday, they gave you a new and novel standard of incitement, with  an element of foreseeability, a negligence concept. They cite zero case  law. They made it up. This task of applying a completely made-up legal  standard of incitement to an impeachment proceeding is truly an  unprecedented task for the Senate, and that is something the Senate  must  [[Page S675]]  seriously consider when deciding the issue.   Do you want to create a precedent where the Senate will be tasked  with sitting in judgment as to the meaning and implied intent of a  President's words or words of any elected official?   Will that allow and maybe encourage a majority party to weaponize the  awesome power of impeachment against the minority to suppress a point  of view?   Will the Senate then have to deal with constant Articles of  Impeachment by a majority party accusing minority Presidents or other  elected officials of so-called inciteful or false speeches?   You can see where this would lead.   Sadly, we have all seen the political rhetoric get ratcheted up over  the last few years. We have all been witnesses to many incendiary words  by our officials at political events, broadcast over the media and  internet. In each of those instances, will there now be Senate  impeachment hearings?   One last observation.   We agree with the House managers: Context does, indeed, matter.   The inflammatory rhetoric from our elected officials must be  considered as part of the larger context of Mr. Trump's speech at the  Ellipse on January 6.   The inflammatory language from both sides of the aisle has been  alarming, frankly, but this political discourse must be considered as  part of these proceedings to contextualize Mr. Trump's words.   We have some video to play that highlights some of what I am talking  about. I preface this video by noting I am not showing you this video  as some excuse for Mr. Trump's speech. This is not about--this is not  whataboutism. I am showing you this to make the point that all  political speech must be protected.   (Text of video presentations.)         