 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strongest support  for H.R. 3233, a bill to establish a bipartisan commission to  investigate the disgraceful January 6 attack on this institution.   Let us be clear, the imperative to have a public, objective, fact- based investigation of the Capitol attack is not a partisan issue and  it should never be treated as such. A violent mob breached this  building to disrupt the lawful Presidential transition and threaten the  lives of Vice President Pence and Members of Congress. That this mob  attacked the Capitol with the encouragement of prominent elected  officials is a chilling reminder of President Reagan's warning that  ``freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction.''   Unfortunately, many who rightly criticized and condemned the attack  that day have walked back their words or softened their speech. But  even more troubling, there has been an active effort to whitewash and  rewrite the shameful events of that day to avoid accountability and  turn away from difficult truths.   If we avoid confronting what happened here just a few short months  ago, we can be sure that intimidation, coercion, and violence will  become a defining feature of our politics.   On the evening of January 6, as I was walking back to the Capitol  after it was cleared of rioters, I received a text from a constituent  who asserted that those who stormed the Capitol today were the true  American heroes, that the election was a fraud, and that I must know  that that was true. He then warned: ``You can bet that there will be  more blood on Congress' hands if you let that stand.''   I refuse to accept that possibility, this abrogation of our sacred  obligation to the Republic. There is no replacement for an independent,  bipartisan commission with a mandate to produce a definitive report to  the public to clear away myths and fictions and get right on the facts.   This is not picking at a scab. In order to scab over, a cut has to  first heal. Rather than start to mend, the wound from January 6 was  hastily bandaged and continues to fester. Only by airing it out and  addressing what occurred can we hope to move past and heal. I applaud  my friend, Congressman   John Katko, for his good-faith, bipartisan  leadership to put this commission in place.   Mr. Speaker, I supported this effort in January, I support it today,  and I urge my colleagues to do so as well.   