 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1333,  the NO BAN Act.   This legislation would prevent future abuses of power committed by  the previous administration through its xenophobic Muslim ban, a  despicable policy which undermined one of our Nation's founding  principles, freedom of religion.   My home State of Rhode Island was established by Roger Williams on  the principle of religious liberty and separation of church and state,  and his leadership inspired the Framers of our Constitution to  incorporate these principles into our founding documents. This  legislation will help to preserve that principle.   From the very beginning, former President Trump was clear about  exactly what his policy was, an explicit attempt to keep out as many  people from Muslim-majority countries as possible, regardless of  whether they were seeking refuge or asylum. It was never designed to  make us safer. It was simply a way to spark fear and hatred among our  citizens.   On his first day in office, thankfully, President Biden rescinded  this policy.   Yet the impact of the Muslim ban remains. After 4 years of having  this policy in place, the time it takes to reimplement normal  immigration and travel policies brings delays in otherwise routine  procedures, such as obtaining visas, thus delaying the reunion of  families.   Thankfully, however, with the Muslim ban rescinded, those families  can take comfort in knowing they are a step closer to once again being  with their loved ones.   Despite this, it remains necessary to pass this NO BAN Act. Without  making the necessary reforms to prevent the abuses of power of the  previous administration, they could simply be put back in place by a  future President.   The NO BAN Act makes it unequivocally clear that we stand by the  American ideal of freedom of religion. It will provide the necessary  limitations on the President's ability to use overly broad terms to  inappropriately and indiscriminately target and label entire groups of  racial, ethnic, or religious minorities because of who they choose to  worship.   We must not tolerate discriminatory actions that undermine our core  values and threaten our Nation's health and safety.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support passage of the NO BAN  Act. I thank the chairman of the committee for his leadership, and I  thank Congresswoman Judy Chu for her extraordinary leadership in this  regard.    Madam Speaker, I want to start with responding to a  complete misrepresentation of what this bill does. We have heard our  friends on the other side of the aisle say that this bill requires that  counsel be appointed to individuals, and they have even gone so far as  to assign a number to it, $800 million.   That simply is not true. At first, I thought maybe it was an honest  mistake, but it is being repeated. So now I know it is an affirmative  misrepresentation.   What the bill does--and I invite my colleagues to look at the  language of the bill. Go to page 3, line 17. A covered individual has a  meaningful opportunity to consult with counsel and an interested party;  they are required to provide a meaningful opportunity to consult with  counsel.   There is no requirement in the bill that counsel be provided or paid  for. So that claim is just not true. No matter how many times it gets  repeated by our Republican colleagues, they are making it up. It is not  in the bill.   So I rise in strong support of the H.R. 1573, the Access to Counsel  Act.   Our legal system rests on the principle that every person is entitled  to due process and a meaningful opportunity to be heard. The ability to  consult with legal counsel is critical to both of these principles. For  some, it is a matter of life and death. In the context of immigration,  access to counsel can mean the difference between someone fleeing  persecution, being able to remain safely in the United States, or  detained or deported back to a war zone.   These are decisions that are often made away from courts. For  example, Customs and Border Protection have the power to remove  individuals from the United States without a hearing, based on  statements made during an initial screening. Nothing in this bill  changes that.   Questioning by Immigration and Customs Enforcement can lead to  arrest, detention, initiation of removal proceedings, and removal, all  done without access to counsel. The time, expense, and other resources  associated with many immigration-related detentions could be avoided  entirely if counsel were able to sit in during questioning.   H.R. 1573 confirms that the right to access counsel attaches at the  time of holding or detention and requires CBP or ICE to provide people  detained and questioned with the ability to make a call and notify an  attorney of their detention.   H.R. 1573 does not force CBP or ICE to identify and assign lawyers to  individuals subject to inspection. It doesn't require them to provide  funds to obtain lawyers and support through the inspection process, nor  does it create any obligation for the government to pay for counsel.   This legislation simply opens the door to meaningful access to  counsel for those who have an attorney ready to assist, and it ensures  that people subjected to prolonged inspection are able to communicate  with and receive assistance from counsel or other individuals who can  facilitate the inspection process.   This is a commonsense proposal that really does ensure that the  system will work more efficiently, particularly for U.S. citizens.   I want to applaud the sponsor of this bill, Congresswoman Jayapal,  for her extraordinary leadership. I thank the chairman of our committee  for bringing this to the committee and now to the floor. This is  something that everyone should support.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1573.   