 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend, Congressman Cartwright,  for allowing me the opportunity to speak on the bipartisan  infrastructure package. The fact of the matter is, this is long  overdue.   We have been living off the investments our parents and our  grandparents made a generation or two ago. During most of the 20th  century, America led the world in investment in its water, in its  transportation, in its electrical grid, all the things that have made  us the great country that we are.   In recent decades, we have lagged behind. We now rank 13th in the  world in terms of the amount of investment that we make in American  people because investing in our water, in our transportation, in our  roads and bridges, in our internet system, that is investing in people.  That is investing in people who create jobs that make the economy  better.   As a result of the passage of this bipartisan infrastructure bill,  for the first time in a long time, America will lead the world next  year in investments in the future in our water, our transportation, our  electrical grid, and all the things that are a part of this piece of  legislation.   We can't just take our eye off the ball. We have to continue these  investments. In California, in the San Joaquin Valley that I represent,  these investments are going to be billions of dollars in our water  system. We have horrific droughts that we are experiencing right now.  With climate change and the other efforts in this legislation to deal  with the impacts of climate change, we need to ensure that we have a  sustainable water supply in California for our farms and farm  communities, as well as ensuring that we have clean drinking water for  rural areas that don't have it today. This legislation does just that.   This legislation also takes an opportunity to look at the other areas  that we need to do in the next piece of legislation: childcare for  millions of women who want to get back to work; and providing efforts  to improve our healthcare system, to fully fund the Affordable Care  Act, a promise we made 11 years ago.   My district had 25 percent uninsured. Eleven years later, only 10  percent of my district is uninsured. These are the kind of investments  we need to make in people.   I thank my colleagues for supporting this effort. Yesterday was a  wonderful afternoon with the President, with my colleagues, Republicans  and Democrats alike, to really celebrate the fact that we are beginning  to do what the American people sent us to do, which is get the job done  and invest in our country.   