 Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R.  4502.   Before I get into the details of division E, the Interior and  Environment section of the bill, I want to thank Chairwoman DeLauro and  Ranking Member Granger for their leadership on the Appropriations  Committee.   I would also like to extend my sincere thanks to Chellie Pingree, the  chair of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.   Chair Pingree has been an excellent leader, and I am glad I have had  the opportunity to serve alongside her as ranking member on the  subcommittee.   The fiscal year 2022 Interior and Environment bill includes many  bipartisan initiatives to conserve and protect our Nation's natural and  cultural resources and to increase the Federal commitment to honor our  treaties and trust responsibilities with American Indians and Alaska  Natives.   I am grateful for my home district in Ohio, and the States in the  Great Lakes Basin, that the bill provides increased funding for the  Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. This funding is critical to our  work to restore and protect the lakes for future generations.   Robust funding for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative is  essential as we continue our efforts with Federal, State, Tribal,  local, and nonprofit partners to delist Areas of Concern, address  shoreline erosion, improve water quality, prevent harmful algal blooms,  and control invasive species.   I am also especially pleased that the bill makes critical investments  in Indian Country, a longstanding bipartisan priority of this  subcommittee.   The $12.1 billion across the bill will help support healthcare,  education, law enforcement, and other operational programs throughout  Indian Country.    Chair Pingree and her staff have worked hard to accommodate requests  from Members on both sides of the aisle in this bill that will be  appreciated by our constituents, regardless of party.   Unfortunately, while I am supportive of the bipartisan components of  the bill, I am unable to support the bill in its current form.   First and foremost, the bill adds several new controversial policy  riders that would curtail U.S. energy independence by limiting  conventional energy and natural resource development.   Limiting our domestic supplies of much-needed natural resources does  not decrease our demand for them; it only makes us more dependent upon  foreign nations to obtain them, which is not only a national security  concern but also an economic security, environmental, and human rights  concern.   Our economy continues to depend upon on an all-of-the-above energy  strategy, and these added provisions would undermine our ability to  meet that demand.   Similar riders were dropped from the final conference agreement last  year, and the same must be done again before the bill can be signed  into law.   The Interior bill also eliminates or weakens several longstanding  provisions that were once again enacted on a bipartisan basis last  year. Adding these provisions back will be essential to reaching a  bipartisan agreement.   The bill before us today proposes a $7 billion increase in  discretionary spending, with many agencies receiving double-digit  percent increases.   As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, Congress has provided trillions  of dollars in economic stimulus and relief to help Americans tackle  unique challenges.   On the heels of this unprecedented spending, as we continue to  restore our way of life and reignite our economy, it is imperative that  the Federal Government makes the tough choices necessary to live within  its means.   So it is for a combination of these funding and policy reasons that I  cannot support this bill at this time and in its current form.   Madam Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this  package.   