 Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I have a unanimous consent request, if I  might----    Mr. President, I voted for the Rubio amendment because,  like others here and in Cuba, I believe the Cuban people have as much  right to access to the internet as anyone else. No government should  prevent that access, or access to other sources of information, whether  in Cuba or any other country. It is a universal right.   However, we have only the vaguest idea of what this amendment  envisions, how it would be implemented without violating Cuba's  territorial sovereignty, or how much it would cost. These are important  questions that need answers.   I also note that the ``purpose'' of the amendment refers to the  ``illegitimate communist Cuba regime.'' We are all familiar with that  kind of rhetoric, and no one who believes in democracy would argue that  the Cuban Government is legitimate, since its leaders were not elected  in a free and fair multi-party election. Cuba is a one-party state  where political opposition is not tolerated. Presumably, that is  because the Cuban authorities are afraid that if they allowed political  opposition parties to operate and a free and fair election were held,  they might be voted out of office. In that sense, it is similar to  pariah states like Iran and Syria, as well as U.S. allies and partners  like Egypt and Saudi Arabia, neither of which permits opposition  parties to operate and both of which engage in repression on a scale  far larger than in Cuba.   I mention this because when it comes to principles of freedom of  speech and association, we should at least try to be consistent. We  have an economic embargo against Cuba, a tiny impoverished country that  poses no credible threat to us, while we sell billions of dollars in  weapons to Saudi Arabia, home to most of the 9/11 terrorists, and the  perpetrators of the assassination of Jamal Khashoggi and the disastrous  war in Yemen. Saudi women are routinely discriminated against and  imprisoned for acts that are protected by international law. The death  penalty is carried out after sham trials.   None of this is to excuse or justify the actions of the Cuban  Government. But it is interesting that many of those who focus their  wrath on Cuba and support a policy of sweeping sanctions that is  contributing to the misery of the Cuban people, support a very  different approach toward other repressive governments when it suits  them.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following rollcall votes be 10-minute rollcalls.   