 Madam President, I rise to support the nomination of  Anton Hajjar to serve on the Board of Governors of the United States  Postal Service. Mr. Hajjar is highly qualified for this position, and  his experience with postal unions and legal expertise provides him with  the knowledge and skills required of this role. If confirmed, I am  confident that he will serve our country well as a member of the USPS  Board.   Mr. Hajjar was raised in a working class Brooklyn family and worked  as a summer letter carrier, where he learned the ins and outs of mail  delivery in his local community. He worked hard in school and became  the first in his family to graduate from college, receiving his  bachelor's degree from Fordham University. Before attending Tulane Law  School, he worked as a janitor, hospital attendant, U.S. Merchant  Marine seaman, taxi driver, and U.S. Custom inspector.   These experiences, along with his upbringing, inspired him to use his  law degree to stand up for workers, and he went on to serve as the  general counsel for the American Postal Workers Union. His long history  with APWU exposed him to a wide array of postal regulatory and legal  issues and provided him with important insight into the postal  workforce.  [[Page S3928]]    Throughout his career, Mr. Hajjar has also demonstrated an abiding  commitment to public service. He has worked pro-bono to represent Arab  and Muslim Americans in discrimination cases. He volunteers regularly  to serve his community in Chevy Chase, MD, including as a member of his  church and as an election judge.   His skills and his leadership make him right for this role, but the  challenges before him are great. Throughout the tenure of the current  Postmaster General, who was installed by the Board of Governors during  the previous administration, I have heard from constituents about  unacceptable delays and disruptions in mail service. Medication  shipments have gone missing, some small businesses cannot get their  products to customers, and many customers are getting hit with late  fees for bill payments that didn't arrive on time because of mail  delivery delays.   Despite unprecedented challenges, the men and women of the USPS have  worked tirelessly to deliver the mail. We have seen an incredible  outpouring of support for postal workers and the USPS from the American  people. But the Board of Governors must restore the public's trust and  confidence in the Postal Service. Mr. Hajjar is the right person to  help do just that, and I am confident he will be a key player in  tackling the Postal Service's current challenges and ensuring that  Americans can count on a reliable and sustainable Postal Service for  decades to come. I am proud to support his nomination and urge my  colleagues to vote for his confirmation.   