 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to oppose, of  course, the Democrats' reckless tax-and-spending bill. I have been  coming to the floor to talk about this--the wasted taxes, the spending,  all of the sorts of things the Democrats are trying to do.   You know, right now, the Democrats are pushing a Big Government,  socialist agenda. There can be no question about it. They want  additional, permanent welfare programs. They want to--to me, this  bankrupts current programs, like Medicare. It takes--it is very hard to  think about this amount of spending without realizing the risk that it  proves for Social Security. And, of course, the Democrats are proposing  this big green new disaster.   For all this spending, what do they want to do?   Well, they want to raise taxes by trillions and trillions of dollars.  But it is still not enough to pay for all of the spending that they  want to do.   That is why Democrats are now working and pushing this backdoor tax  increase. Democrats want to supersize the least accountable and most  powerful Agency of the Federal Government. And that, of course, is the  Internal Revenue Service.   Now, what we know about this Agency, the IRS, is that they have, time  and time again, proven they can't be even trusted to properly secure  data, when we look at the leaks that come out of the IRS.   But they are looking for more data and more information, private  information, private business by American taxpayers.   Democrats are asking, in this $3.5 trillion bill, $80 billion of  additional funding for the Internal Revenue Service. They want to give  the IRS enough money and power to hire a full new army of bureaucrats.  [[Page S6955]]    President Biden's Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen has been very  clear. She knows what she wants to do with some of the money. She wants  to force banks to tell the IRS every time anyone writes or deposits a  check above a certain amount in their banking account, checking  account. And right now, the number that she is talking about is $600-- $600 for a check written or deposited. So every time someone pays the  rent, deposits a paycheck, Democrats want the IRS to know about it.   Not enough to know that government knows how much people make; they  want to know how much they spend. It is Big Brother initiative to  squeeze every last penny out of working families.   I mean, why else would they want to go after every hard-working man  and woman in America to find out this information?   As Americans find out about that, they are furious. They are smart  enough to know that when Joe Biden first says we are only going to tax  the billionaires--they are only going to tax the billionaires--why are  they looking into the banking accounts and the checking accounts and  the deposits and the withdrawals of people all across the country?   Because the tax man is coming for them as well when it comes to  trying to pay for this massive tax-and-spending blowout.   So as more and more people find out about it, the more furious they  become. I got a report again this morning, 488 more emails and letters  into Wyoming Senate--Senator from Wyoming about that from my home  State. I have received more calls, more emails, more letters from  people from Wyoming on this one topic than on any one topic that I can  recall in the time that I have been in the U.S. Senate.   And everyone calling and writing about it has the same position. It  is not like, well, half of the people are for it and half of the people  are against it. Everybody is against this. Everyone we have heard  from--the 488 that I heard from within the last 24 hours--everyone is  against this proposal. Thousands and thousands of emails.   I talked to Senator Lummis, the other Senator from Wyoming. Her inbox  is completely full as well, all related to this topic. It is what I  heard about in the grocery store this past weekend at home in Wyoming.   This new scheme will be terrible, and not just for the taxpayers. It  is going be a heavy weight around the neck of the community banks and  credit unions in Wyoming.   I talked to one of the bankers from Wyoming. She was in the grocery  store getting food for the weekend. What did she--it was the only--it  was the thing she wanted to talk about, is the fact they would have to  hire three new employees to comply with all of the regulations coming  out that would relate to trying to get this information from their bank  to the IRS.   In addition, this would be quite an attack on our privacy. This Big  Brother scheme would make bankers and credit union associates into de  facto IRS agents.   And as this bank officer said to me, she said: Look, I don't want--I  am not going to be working for the IRS. I work for my customers, my  clients, the people of Wyoming. The last thing I want to do is be  somebody reporting into the IRS.   This is what I am hearing from bankers all around the State of  Wyoming. They don't want to be invading people's privacy. They don't  want to become agents of the IRS.   People in Wyoming have a straightforward response to this  administration, and it is this: Leave us alone. We don't need you  looking over our shoulder, prying into our life and our activities.   If Democrats go forward with this Big Brother plan, the people all  across this country will not stand for it. Many people in Wyoming will  look for alternatives to traditional banks and credit unions because  they don't want the IRS and the government and Big Brother to know  their personal activities. They want to protect their privacy. They may  find other places to put their money.   Look, that is going to devastate local banks, local credit unions, if  people take their money out because they don't want the government  boring into their data and their financial transactions.   It is going to happen in every State. Hard to believe the government  would want to do that, but yet Secretary Yellen came to Capitol Hill,  and that is what she is doing. She is still defending this indefensible  idea; and I believe she is doing it because that is what Joe Biden, the  President of the United States, is telling her to do as his Treasury  Secretary.   So she went on television Tuesday--today is Thursday--2 days ago,  essentially said it was no big deal. That is what the Treasury  Secretary of the United States believes, that violating the individual  privacy of individuals of this country is no big deal.   Last week, Senator Lummis from Wyoming questioned Secretary Yellen  before the Banking Committee. Secretary Yellen, actually astonishingly,  doubled down. She said, ``I think you misunderstand the proposal.'' She  said, ``The IRS already has a wealth of information about  individuals.''   Well, Madam Secretary, we understand that really well. We know you  have a wealth of information about individual taxpayers. You know how  much they make. You know how they make it. That is enough. If you have  all this, you don't need more, but yet you are asking for more, and you  want $80 billion for an army of IRS agents to be able to find it out.  That is the problem. The IRS has so much information about us already.    Now, Senator Lummis did get Secretary Yellen to admit working  families are not the ones skimping out on their taxes. Why else do we  have this army of IRS agents looking into our taxes? Secretary Yellen  didn't seem to care. She doubled down, still defending this massive  invasion of privacy, and that is what it is. It is a huge invasion of  privacy, and I contend that they want all this information so they can  try to squeeze more money from people who the Secretary even admits are  not trying to cheat on their taxes. They are trying to find ways to  take more money out of their pocketbooks, when they are already feeling  the big bite of Joe Biden's inflation at the gas pump and at the  grocery store.   This Big Brother plan is reckless. It treats the American people like  criminals. It turns the IRS into the judge, the jury, and the lord high  executioner. This scheme shows how desperate Democrats are to get their  hands on taxpayer money. Why? So they can spend more. They are so  desperate for more spending that they are willing to spy on the  American people to try to get more money to spend.   Watch and listen to the Democrats talk. There is a food fight going  on, and the food fight is: How much more can we tax and how much more  can we spend? It is a food fight between the really big spenders and  the extremely big spenders. Look, Democrats think that Washington knows  best. Now, the people of Wyoming know differently. We don't need  Washington looking over our shoulders. It is time for Democrats to drop  the entire plan, mind their own business, and stop demanding more money  to spy on the American people.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   