 Madam Speaker, if my Democrat colleagues were serious  about making elections fair and honest, they would start by enforcing a  law they passed, the National Voter Registration Act of 1993.   That law requires that every State and every county maintain accurate  voter files. Yet, the Pew Research Center reported that there are 24  million people improperly registered. 1.8 million of them are dead. 2.7  million are registered in more than one State. The State of Michigan is  105 percent registered to vote, with 16 counties that are between 110  and 119 percent registered. Pennsylvania has over 800,000 inactive  voters still on the State's voter registration files, and Los Angeles  County has 1.6 million more people registered to vote than live in the  county who are qualified to vote.   There are 17 Democrat Members still serving in this Congress who  voted for that law, including the Speaker and the majority leader. If  you were serious about cleaning up our elections, you would enforce  that law.   As if the Federal takeover of elections isn't enough, this bill would  also force taxpayers to foot the bill for campaigns.   Just a few weeks ago, the majority stripped my colleague, Marjorie  Taylor Greene, of her committee assignments. This week, though, they  seem to believe that even though she isn't allowed to serve on any  standing committees, she should receive taxpayer-financed campaign  contributions.   Based on the formula in this bill and what Representative Greene has  raised already, this bill would give her over $7 million. Every  Democrat who voted to strip her of her committee assignments has  cosponsored the bill that will send over $7 million of taxpayer money  to fund her reelection.   If this bill passes, it will create a ruling class and tremendously  undermine Americans' right to self-government. In fact, this bill  should be called for the permanent ruling class act.   No one who truly wants fair and honest elections, no one who wants  people to have faith that their vote counts, will vote for this bill.    Madam Speaker, if my Democrat colleagues were serious  about making elections fair and honest they would start by enforcing a  law they passed--The National Voter Registration Act of 1993. That law  requires that every state and every county maintain accurate voter  files. Yet the Pew Research Center reported that there are 24 million  people improperly registered . . . 1.8 million are dead, 2.7 million  are registered to vote in more than one state. The state of Michigan is  105 percent registered to vote with sixteen counties with voter  registration between 110-119 percent.   Pennsylvania has over 800,000 inactive voters still on the state's  voter registration files and Los Angeles County had 1.6 million more  people registered to vote than people living in the county who are  qualified to vote. The failure to maintain accurate voter files is an  invitation for election fraud. If my Democrat colleagues are serious  about restoring confidence in our elections they should be pushing  states to comply with the law. There are 17 Democrat members still  serving in this Congress who voted for the National Voter Registration  Act including the Speaker and the Majority Leader. Why aren't they  pushing for cleaning up our voter registration files in every state?   As if the federal takeover of elections wasn't enough, this bill  would also force taxpayers to foot the bill for campaigns. Just a few  weeks ago the majority stripped my colleague Marjorie Taylor Greene of  her committee assignments. This week they seem to believe that though  she isn't allowed to serve on any standing committees she should  receive taxpayer financed campaign contributions. Based on the formula  in this bill and what Rep. Greene has raised already this bill would  give her over $7 million. Every Democrat who voted to strip Rep. Greene  of her committees has also co-sponsored the bill that would send over 7  million dollars to fund her re-election.   If this bill passes it will create a ruling class and tremendously  undermine Americans' right to self-government. In fact, this bill  should be called the For The Permanent Ruling Class Act. No one who  truly wants fair and honest elections, No one who wants the American  people to trust our elections, to have faith that their vote counts,  will vote for this bill.   