 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6, the American  Dream and Promise Act. Dreamers have been waiting far too long for  meaningful congressional action.   By passing H.R. 6, we are telling Dreamers all over our country: We  see you, we hear you, and we know your home is here in the United  States of America.   Arizona is fortunate to have nearly 24,000 DACA recipients. They are  teachers, community organizers, and essential workers contributing  greatly to our economy. In this pandemic, they make sure our grocery  store shelves are stocked and our families are fed. They work long  shifts in COVID hospital wings and now are vaccinating our communities.   That is who they are, giving back and contributing an estimated $240  million in taxes yearly in Arizona alone. Dreamers are essential to  rebuilding our economy, and it is long past time we put them on a path  to citizenship.    Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Nadler and Chairwoman  Lofgren for their incredible leadership on this important bill.   I rise in support of the Farm Workforce Modernization Act, a  bipartisan bill that will improve the H-2A agricultural visa program to  make it easier for Arizona farmers to meet their workforce needs while  also providing a path for agricultural workers to earn legal status.   Throughout this pandemic, farmworkers have been on the front lines  playing a critical role in feeding America's families. They deserve the  opportunity to take steps toward legal status in this country. It is  the right thing to do for them and it is the right thing to do to  advance our farm industry.   This bill is good for Arizona's economy--Arizona, the birth place of  Cesar Chavez--where agribusiness is a $23 billion-a-year industry. Our  State's crops cannot be left to rot in the ground because we lack  access to a stable workforce.   Passing this bill today brings us one step closer to ensuring that  farmers have the stable workforce they need and that farmworkers are  recognized for all the work they do for us every day.   