 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, today, the House of Representatives will vote to  reauthorize the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act, a law that I  authored in 2005. This was an original idea of mine 20 years ago.   My good friend from Florida just mentioned Dr. Kurtzberg. Dr.  Kurtzberg was in the meetings that we held in drafting this  legislation, and she provided incredible insights as to what we should  do, what path we should follow. So I appreciate him recognizing her.   I also thank Artur Davis, who was my Democratic colleague and the  principal Democratic cosponsor of the bill during those several years.  It took 5 long years of hard work and numerous setbacks, but the bill  was finally signed into law on December 20, 2005.   The new law created a nationwide umbilical cord blood stem cell  program designed to collect, derive, type, and freeze cord blood units  for transplantation into patients to mitigate and even cure serious  disease. Pursuant to the law, it also provided stem cells for research.  The new cord blood program was combined with an expanded bone marrow  initiative, which was crafted over several years by our distinguished  colleague, Congressman Bill Young.   Umbilical cord blood stem cells, Mr. Speaker, obtained after the  birth of a child have proved to be highly efficacious in treating some  70 diseases, including sickle cell disease, lymphoma, leukemia, and in  treating metabolic and immune deficiencies. Scientists are continuing  to study and better understand the regenerative effects of cord blood  cell therapies for other diseases and disabilities, including autism. I  would say in like manner, bone marrow donations are also providing  lifesaving transplants for some of those very same diseases. So we have  great regenerative initiatives that will be continued.    The National Cord Blood Inventory, NCBI, provides funding to public  cord blood banks participating in the program to allow them to expand  the national inventory of cord blood units available for transplant.  These units are then listed on the registry by the Be the Match  program. The funds appropriated thus far have led to an important  increase in the overall number of high-quality cord blood units  available through the national registry, now totaling 111,000 NCBI  units. Within the Be the Match Registry, there are now more than  800,000 worldwide.   The program registry, Mr. Speaker, allows patients and physicians to  locate matching cord blood units, as well as adult donors for marrow  and peripheral blood stem cells. The program is the world's largest,  most diverse donor registry, with more than 23 million volunteers. To  date, the National Marrow Donor Program/Be the Match, through its  operation of the program, has facilitated more than 105,000  transplants.  [[Page H1754]]  According to Be the Match, more than 40,000 patients have received cord  blood transplants.   The reauthorization before us authorizes $23 million each year for 5  years for the cord blood side and, again, some $30 million each year  for the bone marrow program.   Mr. Speaker, each year, nearly 4 million babies are born in America.  In the past, virtually every placenta and umbilical cord was tossed as  medical waste. Today, doctors have turned this medical waste into  medical miracles.   Not only has God, in His wisdom and goodness, created a placenta and  an umbilical cord to nurture and protect the precious life of an unborn  child, but now we know that another gift awaits immediately after  birth. Something very special is left behind: Cord blood that is  teeming with lifesaving stem cells.   