 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H. Res. 21,  calling on Vice President Pence to invoke section 4 of the 25th  Amendment.   Like all of us, I condemn, in the strongest possible terms, the  violence that occurred here in our Nation's Capital last week.  Political violence is never the answer, regardless of which side of the  political spectrum it occurs. And that is a strongly held position on  which I have been clear since well before my time in Congress.   Let's be clear about a few things. The adoption of this political  resolution would be divisive rather than unifying. The Vice President  has said he has no intention of taking action under the amendment. So,  this process is pure political theater on the part of the majority.   In addition, no due process has been provided. As a former  prosecutor, if law enforcement brought evidence of a crime to me and  said take this to the jury tomorrow for a jury trial, there would be no  chance for the defendant to prepare any defense. I would be violating  half the Constitution, the code of Virginia, and over 100 different  rules of procedure.   In the more than 50 years since the 25th Amendment was ratified,  section 4 has never been invoked. As such, there are no judicial or  authoritative opinions that would evaluate its implementation. Absent  this, we must look to the legislative intent of the Congress that  passed its language, and nowhere in the legislative intent is the  current situation envisioned. It is meant to be used for incapacity,  not for political ends with 8 days remaining in a President's term.   Last week, Vice President Pence was lauded by the majority for not  yielding to pressure to exert power beyond his constitutional authority  to determine the outcome of the election. Yet, the majority today is  attempting to pressure him to exert power beyond the intention of his  constitutional role in section 4 of the 25th Amendment.   This action will only further fuel the political divide among our  citizens and will be detrimental to the long-term efforts to unify our  country.   Mr. Speaker, both President Trump and President-elect Biden have  called for a peaceful transition of power. I would encourage members of  both parties to work toward this end and vote against this rushed,  misguided, politically motivated resolution.   