 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs,  I am painfully aware of the toll this pandemic has taken on our  Nation's veterans. I hear from veterans who are struggling to find work  as unemployment numbers rise. I hear from veterans who have had their  critical compensation and pension exams postponed, delaying much-needed  benefits.   Sadly, we have lost over 8,900 veterans and 120 VA staff to the  pandemic so far.   Across the Nation and at the height of the pandemic, veterans have  stepped up to serve their country, a trait not uncommon for the  thousands of veterans whose services continue even after they pack away  their uniforms. Their service as first responders and healthcare  workers battling COVID-19; as essential employees keeping our economy  moving, packages delivered, and hospitals sterilized has served as an  example of how strong America can be when we act together.   Despite all of the setbacks our Nation has faced, it is our duty to  be optimistic. Our veterans have shown the way.   Mr. Speaker, VA has responded to crises across the country through  its Fourth Mission, even landing on the Capitol Grounds yesterday to  deploy mobile vet centers to support U.S. Capitol Police, members of  the National Guard, and the congressional staff after the insurrection  on January 6.   Throughout this pandemic, veterans and VA have continued to step up  and serve their communities, not just their fellow veterans.   The time for decisive action is now. Passing this resolution does not  negate the need for bipartisan cooperation. The need now is real, and  the pain caused by this pandemic is deep. The best way to provide  direct relief to the American people and continue serving all those who  have served is to act fast and to do it now. We cannot afford to wait  for higher case counts, for additional variants of the virus to emerge,  for more Americans to go without work or watch their savings dwindle.  We must act fast, and that is why we are here today.    I just will say to the gentleman from Missouri that I know that we  have billions of dollars that came to the State of California, but I  would like to remind the gentleman that California is a net donor  State, including money that I am sure has gone to the State of  Missouri.   