 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that both  Senator Sullivan and I be allowed to complete our remarks--me for up to  12 minutes and Senator Sullivan for up to 5 minutes--before the vote.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  the ongoing crisis at our southern border.   Over the past few weeks, the Biden border crisis has been  overshadowed by several other crises facing our country under this  administration. Inflation has surged. The price of gasoline across  Wyoming and likely in the home State of the Presiding Officer as well  is now over $3 a gallon. Democrats have been on another spending spree.  It is a trillion-dollar spending spree. Hiring has plummeted across the  country. Terrorists have attacked our closest ally. The response from  the Biden administration actually on that attack has been to treat both  our closest ally Israel and the attackers of Hamas as equals. I could  go on and on.   The most serious challenges facing our Nation have escalated ever  since President Biden has taken office, but you can't forget the border  crisis that we have now under President Biden. Over the last several  months, basically since President Biden took office on January 20 and  he changed our border policies, the crisis has only gotten worse.   President Biden flipped on a big green light and said: Come to  America. That is the message that people heard all across the world. He  sent a clear message that the border is open.   On his first day in office, President Biden shut down construction of  the southern border wall. He stopped all deportations for 100 days. He  brought back a program basically known as catch-and-release. Now those  policy changes have led to a dramatic increase in illegal immigration.   In March, our border agents caught 170,000 immigrants crossing our  southern border illegally. In April, they caught even more: 178,000  illegal immigrants in just 30 days. The numbers have gone up and up. I  heard a report yesterday that we are now at half a million people  coming in illegally ever since President Biden has taken office. Half a  million--that is the population of the entire State of Wyoming coming  into the country illegally since January 20. This year we are on a pace  for illegal immigration to hit a 20-year high.   Our border agents are overwhelmed. Two-thirds of the Border Patrol  are too busy to actually be out there enforcing the law. They are too  busy either taking care of kids, unaccompanied minors, or adults who  have come across with families and have done so illegally. So only  about one-third are out there trying to stop the bad guys who are  coming into this country--human traffickers, drug traffickers--some  even, we know, on the terrorist watch list.   In fact, they are so overwhelmed that they are doing something now  they have never done before: They are releasing illegal immigrants  directly into the country without even giving them court dates.  Instead, they are telling them to report to ICE facilities, oh,  sometime in the next couple of months. This is unprecedented. This is  worse than catch-and-release. This is an absolute, total surrender by  the Biden administration to people coming into the country illegally.   This is in addition to the tens of thousands of immigrants who simply  escape. Border Patrol calls them getaways. They got away. They got into  the country without being stopped. We saw these folks doing this when a  number of us went to the border a month or so ago, chanting across the  Rio Grande River: ``You cannot stop us now.''   The top Republican on the Homeland Security Committee, Senator  Portman, revealed last week that there were 40,000 of these ``got- aways'' just last month. Well, how many of them were drug smugglers?  How many of them are human traffickers? How many are on the terrorist  watch list? We will never know. Over the same month, deportation hit a  record low.   The crisis might have disappeared from the headlines, but it hasn't  gone away. And the people living near the border are being impacted  dramatically. It is only getting worse   Fifty thousand unaccompanied children have crossed the border since  Joe Biden became President. Unprecedented. At a time of a global  pandemic, these children are not social distancing, let me tell you.  That is what we saw when we saw them crammed in like sardines into the  Donna facility at the southern tip of Texas.   The media reports that the Department of Health and Human Services  has left some kids on buses overnight. This is a humanitarian crisis:  nowhere for them to sleep, nowhere to bathe. One teenager named Joel  said he was left on a bus for 3 days. That is how President Biden and  his administration are handling the situation.   I know Democrats love to lecture Republicans about humane immigration  policy. This is not humane. This is not humane.  [[Page S3476]]    The White House is now boasting that they are transferring the kids  out of Border Patrol facilities. Nothing to brag about there. That is  what the law mandates. They are just sending them from one overcrowded  government facility to another overcrowded government facility. It  seems like they are playing a shell game with these kids so they can  play with the numbers.   But the problem hasn't been solved; no, sir, it has not. Thousands  and thousands of children keep showing up, and the crisis keeps getting  worse. The Biden White House has told the world: Anyone under 18 can  cross our border; we will let them in. And they are coming in record  numbers. So it is not a surprise that tens of thousands of families are  taking President Biden up on the offer. Not just families--criminals  are taking advantage of these children. Criminals know that Border  Patrol is overwhelmed. Criminals know, if they use kids to distract our  agents, they will be able to make an end run via got-away, get-around,  and bring drugs into the country.   Border Patrol has come to the Congress and has told the  Appropriations Committee in the House that they are seizing four times  as much fentanyl this year as they seized last year. They are not sure  how much they are missing, but we do know that this is a drug that  killed more than 30,000 Americans in 2019.   Border Patrol has already seized more fentanyl over the last 7 months  than they did over the previous year. They have seized enough fentanyl  at the border--people trying to move it into the country illegally--the  volume that has been seized at the border is enough to kill more than a  million people. That is just the drugs that we know about. Imagine the  drugs we don't know about.   Well, how are Democrats going to deal with this border crisis? Many  are ignoring it. Neither the President nor the Vice President has been  to the border since taking office 4 months ago--neither one of them.  Many Democrats are trying to distract people from the issue. So why are  the President and Vice President not going? Because they know, if they  go, TV cameras will go with them, and it will attract more attention to  the crisis--the humanitarian crisis, the national security crisis--that  they have created.   Now some Democrats are actually proposing that we make the crisis  worse. Last week, the Senate had an opportunity to finish the border  wall. Remember, the border wall has already been paid for. Only one  Democrat voted to complete the wall. Every other Democrat voted to  block it. They voted against finishing the wall even though we have  already paid for it.   I have been there. I have seen areas of the wall. The materials are  there lying on the ground, just needing to be lifted up and connected  to other portions of the wall, and that construction stopped the day  President Biden took the oath of office.   The Border Patrol officers say it would make a huge difference in  their lives, in their jobs of protecting our Nation, if they could just  put up and place that final spot of the wall.   Some Democrats are actually encouraging even more illegal  immigration. Democrats in Washington just sent $26 billion in taxpayer  money to the Governor of California. Now, what does he want to do with  the $26 billion that was sent to the Governor of California? He wants  to give some of that money to illegal immigrants.   Eight Senate Democrats have introduced a bill to give free healthcare  to children who are here illegally. They introduced a bill this month,  knowing full well about the child migration crisis at our border. This  bill would only make the crisis worse. The Democrat promises of  government benefits are a magnet to illegal immigrants.   Democrats talk a lot about compassion. This is not compassion. The  compassionate thing to do is to stop the crisis. We know how to do  that. We know what works. Democrats don't like to admit it, but  President Trump was historically successful in controlling our border.   Democrats say that the system was dismantled. This is the exact  opposite of the truth. Democrats are dismantling it today. Democrats  need to stop giving our taxpayer dollars to illegal immigrants.  Democrats need to turn off this magnet that is drawing 50,000 children  to risk their lives and take a very dangerous journey, many paying  those to traffic them, to bring them up to the border and carry them  across.   We need to go back to the policies that make our borders secure:  Enforce the law, close the loopholes that encourage our illegal  immigration, finish the wall that we paid for, bring back the Remain in  Mexico policy.   This crisis might be overshadowed by the other crises that are  hitting us now in this Nation, ones for which Joe Biden is responsible;  yet the crisis at our Southern border will not go away until we take  action.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   