 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I would note, for all of our friends and fellow  citizens who are watching at home on C-SPAN, that you are seeing  something go across your screen that says, ``Prohibiting Religious- Based Travel Restrictions.''   Well, to C-SPAN, I say: Be better. Don't take the talking points from  my Democrat colleagues about what we are actually debating here on the  floor of the House because it is not that.   What we are talking about is a power grab by Democrats who, for some  reason, want to continue to perpetuate the lie that there was ever a  Muslim ban. It is literally not true. It is absolutely not true. No  matter how many times they say it, it doesn't make it more true.   For example, the gentlewoman referred to litigation. Let's look at  what the United States Supreme Court said precisely about what  President Trump did to try to secure the United States from terrorists.  Let's remember what we are talking about. The President of the United  States, President Trump, working to secure the United States from  terrorists, the Court said: ``The proclamation is expressly premised on  legitimate purposes: preventing entry of nationals who cannot be  adequately vetted and inducing other nations to improve their  practices. The text says nothing about religion. Plaintiffs and the  dissent nonetheless emphasize that five of the seven nations currently  included in the proclamation have Muslim-majority populations. Yet,  that fact alone does not support an inference of religious hostility,  given that the policy covers just 8 percent of the world's Muslim  population and is limited to countries that were previously designated  by Congress or prior administrations as posing national security  risks,'' as my friend from Kentucky just laid out.   Madam Speaker, these are the facts. Do not listen to Democrat talking  points being thrown on the screen on your C-Span. Do not listen to  repetitions and lies about Muslim bans when it is not true. The facts  are completely opposite of that.   Let's also add one more point here. As we talk about this, our  borders are wide open. As we talk about this, foreign nationals come in  between ports of entry because Border Patrol is distracted, processing  immigrants who come here because Democrat policies entice them to be  abused by cartels while cartels have operational control of our border,  while they create a narco-terrorist state in Mexico, and while they  exist in the district that I represent, where children are in cars  being driven by American citizen employees of the Cartel del Noreste,  being taken to stash houses to be put into the sex trade.   Then, we sit here and listen to this? This is what we are focusing  on, taking away the constitutional authority of the President to  protect us from terrorists while terrorists are able to come into our  southern border between ports of entry because my Democratic colleagues  and this administration flat out refuse to do their job to secure the  border of the United States?    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding.   Madam Speaker, 185 years ago today in San Jacinto, Texas, the great  State of Texas won its independence from Mexico.   General Sam Houston launched a surprise attack against Santa Anna,  routed their forces, and then ultimately was able to negotiate with  Santa Anna for his freedom the treaty that resulted in the founding of  the Republic of Texas.   As a proud Texan, I am sitting here 185 years later recognizing that  my State, the State that I am proud to represent, is under siege. It is  under constant siege on a daily basis by dangerous cartels, but worse  than being under siege by dangerous cartels, it is under siege by a  Democrat President who refuses to do his constitutional duty to secure  the border of the United States.   That is the fact, that this President, obligated under the  Constitution, literally refuses to carry out and exercise his  constitutional duty to defend our borders--our borders in Texas--where  our communities are under siege, where our schools are overrun, where  our hospitals are being inundated, where our ranchers are having people  cross them, and where dangerous narcotics like fentanyl are pouring  into our communities.    This is what is happening to my State of Texas on this, the 185th  anniversary of the battle at San Jacinto.   One has to wonder whether the agreement that Texas made when entering  [[Page H2018]]  this Union remains worth it when the State of Texas is under siege by  an administration that refuses to defend our border.   That is a question that we Texans are continuing to wrestle with,  because it is the duty of this President and the duty of the Federal  Government to secure the borders.   I look at Texans who have lost loved ones at the hands of people here  illegally. I look at families who have families destroyed by fentanyl  and dangerous narcotics. And I look at trafficking of human beings into  the sex trade in the State of Texas where stash houses are being run by  cartels. Then I watch as my Democratic colleagues want to put up every  roadblock to security and launch every single way possible to prop up  cartels, prop up the ability of our border to be exploited, and refuse  to actually do the job necessary to secure the border.   It is incumbent upon this body to speak with one voice that we are  going to defend the borders of the United States and do our duty under  the Constitution while States are feeling the brunt every single day in  very real terms.   