 Madam Speaker, today, I am voting to approve legislation  to cover massive costs incurred by the self-described ``King of Debt''  for wasteful tax expenditures that we, Democrats, strongly opposed.   While his other claim to be ``a stable genius'' never had an ounce of  credibility, Trump has indeed earned the undisputed title, ``King of  Debt.''   Republicans have a ``dine and dash'' strategy--run up a tab for a  massive feast for the wealthiest one percent, and then dodge the bill  to cover it. It is surely a new low.   More than $2 trillion for a massive tax scam. Multinational  corporations in America today, thanks to their shenanigans, now pay an  effective tax rate of less than 8 percent, with 55 corporations paying  absolutely nothing on $40 billion in combined profits. That is the  equity that they added to our Tax Code as working families around this  country paid their fair share.   Even more public debt was incurred as we rightly responded to help  Americans recover from Trump's pandemic incompetence. After ignoring  COVID and sound medical advice from his own scientific advisors, then  refusing the most basic public health measures, his failed  mismanagement has been devastating to our country, both in lives and in  dollars--hundreds of thousands of American lives. They are marked out  on the Mall today with white flags all around the Washington Monument,  and they have taken a toll on one American family after another.   Last year, it was bleach; this year, it is horse dewormer. You could  not make this stuff up.   While there is no limit to the duplicity of those that are  politically enraptured by the Trump personality cult--those with so  little commitment to American democracy that they refuse to recognize  the result of the last national election and continue promoting the big  lie, there is a statutory limit that this Congress faces for our  national debt.   Today, it must be raised in recognition of all the damage that Trump  and his delusional cohorts have wreaked on our country. Putting  ``America First'' or ``Making It Great'' surely includes not driving it  off a cliff into a self-inflicted, politically-motivated financial  disaster.   