 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the previous  question and in support of immediately considering legislation I  introduced with dozens of my colleagues to address the deadly, record- breaking crisis along the southwest border.   Specifically, this bill, H.R. 4828, requires the Department of  Homeland Security to secure our Nation's borders through the immediate  renewal of the border wall project that was initiated by the previous  administration, major investments in security technologies, and  increased hiring of frontline Border Patrol agents and Federal law  enforcement officers.   The Border Security for America Act is a multifaceted solution to  secure our borders and prioritize the safety of Americans.   As a result of President Biden's misguided and destructive border  security policies, there were 208,887 encounters along the southwest  border in August 2021. That is a 317 percent increase from the previous  year.   August was the sixth straight month with more than 170,000 illegal  encounters, a trend never before recorded. In a 24-hour period on  August 1 of this year, the U.S. Border Patrol encountered over 5,900  individuals from 33 different countries trying to cross the border.   This is not seasonal migration from Northern Triangle countries, as  this administration would have you believe. This is a self-inflicted  disaster stemming from this administration's destruction of any  semblance of border security that began on President Biden's first day.   While many of us thought the border crisis couldn't possibly get any  worse, just this week over 15,000 migrants illegally surged into Del  Rio, Texas.   According to the recently departed chief of the Border Patrol, the  front line is rapidly losing the situational awareness required to know  who and what is entering our homeland. Border Patrol has already  intercepted known or suspected terrorists trying to come across the  border this year ``at a level we have never seen before.''   Illegal immigration is not the only threat along the border. This  year CBP has already seized enough fentanyl at the border to kill every  man, woman, and child in the United States seven times over. That is  just what we caught at the border. Without adequate resources and  personnel, fentanyl and other destructive drugs are able to flood into  our communities all over this great Nation and poison our constituents,  as has happened in my district in central New York.   In addition to ensuring preparedness along the border, the Border  Security for America Act would resume construction of the border wall  system, requiring the hiring and training of additional officers and  agents to maintain an active-duty presence along the southwest border-- something we don't have right now, an increased number of agricultural  specialists, K-9 units, and support officers.   We know these policies work and that President Biden's negligence has  already proven dangerous to our national security. That is why this  bill has the support of the National Border Patrol Council, which  represents 18,000 frontline Border Patrol agents and support staff. We  are simply trying to provide the frontline agents with what they are  asking for.   I often hear my friends on the other side of the aisle, whom I  respect, accuse Republicans of complaining about problems without  offering solutions. Well, here we are, giving you the opportunity to  vote on a strong, commonsense solution to secure our borders and  protect our communities.   I urge my colleagues to support the security of the United States and  to support our frontline men and women by passing this bill.   