 Mr. Speaker, I make a point of order.    Mr. Speaker, on all of these good bills that are being  debated with strong bipartisan support on the Democratic side and the  Republican side when they go to a voice vote, Mr. Speaker, does there  need to be even one ``no'' vote, which there have not been for this  whole series, for a Member to ask for a recorded vote?    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 983, the  Preventing Crimes Against Veterans Act.   Financial fraud is an increasingly sophisticated enterprise. The  unfortunate reality is that our Nation's veterans have become one of  its biggest new targets.   Far too often, so-called pension poachers prey on elderly veterans.  They use high-pressure sales pitches to con vulnerable veterans,  survivors, and their families out of their hard-earned and well- deserved benefits.   Scammers make big promises, knowing that they will never be able to  deliver. In the end, they leave veterans with their personal  information and financial security compromised.   These criminals not only prey on our veterans, they prey on every  American taxpayer who wants to do right by those who have served our  country. Sadly, the COVID-19 pandemic has only made the situation  worse, as scams have been on the rise.   The VA, community groups, and veterans service organizations are  working to alert and educate our communities about these scams. But  Congress must ensure that we do not let pension poachers get away with  taking advantage of those who have served.   Unfortunately, our current laws fail to keep up with the increasing  complexity of these fraudulent schemes.   This bill will give Federal prosecutors the tools they need to target  criminals who actively work to avoid current mail and wire fraud  statutes. It will specifically outlaw attempts to defraud veterans of  their benefits.   It is past time that we take action to crack down on pension poachers  and other fraudsters who prey on our veterans.   I want to thank the Palm Beach County Veterans Services office  including, Greg Dover, Jose Capellan, Rohn Hultgren, Andrew Reese, and  Yolanda Asante. They are working hard to help veterans receive their  benefits, and they first raised the troubling rise of pension poaching  with me years ago.   I thank Congressman Fitzpatrick for his leadership on this important  bipartisan effort. Again, I want to thank Mr. Nadler and the gentleman  from North Carolina, and I am thankful to every Member of this body who  voted to pass this legislation last Congress 417-0.   I would, again, ask my colleagues to support and honor our veterans  by passing the Preventing Crimes Against Veterans Act. Our veterans  have done so much to protect this Nation. It is now our turn, and this  bill is an opportunity for us to help protect them.   