 Madam Speaker, as I have listened to the  debate on this legislation to provide emergency funding, I realize it  is tone-deaf. The true emergencies we should be funding are not part of  this bill.   We have a southern border crisis. If that is not enough, we have a  crisis in the Middle East. We have an emergency situation at our  southern border.  [[Page H2629]]    And even as we debate, the United States' closest ally, Israel, is  under attack by constant terrorist threat. Hamas and the Palestinian  Islamic jihad, proxies of Iran, have been attacking Israel for 2 weeks  and have fired over 4,000 rockets from Gaza into Israel.   Now is the time to stand with our ally, Israel. We need to show them  that we believe in their right to defend themselves, and the United  States will do everything within our power to ensure they defeat these  terrorists and any attacks by Iran.   Will my Democrat colleagues choose to stand with Israel? Or will they  cower to the Iranian proxies?   U.S. security assistance to Israel has been crucial to countering the  many threats Israel faces on a daily basis. Our security partnerships  serve as an active participant. The investment in the Iron Dome defense  system that counters short-range rockets is one of the most important  investments we have made toward the peace in the Middle East.   Not only does it save Israeli lives, it saves thousands of  Palestinian lives. If the 4,000 rockets fired by terrorists had hit  their targets, Israel would have had no choice but to escalate the  conflict.   Madam Speaker, if we adopt the motion to recommit, we will instruct  the Committee on Appropriations to consider my amendment to H.R. 3237.  It would provide emergency funding for the Iron Dome defense system to  ensure that Israel has the system it needs to continue defending  against these attacks and enable the Israelis to replenish the  thousands of interceptors they have used.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include the text of the  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to  recommit at the desk.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas  and nays.   