 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Pallone for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today and urge the swift passage of H.R. 2630.  This legislation will save American lives by getting deadly chemical  fentanyl analogues off our streets and allowing law enforcement to  swiftly bring drug traffickers to justice.   The CDC reports that there were more than 50,000 deaths involving  synthetic opioids in the 12-month period ending in July 2020--50,000  deaths in 12 months.   The addiction crisis has worsened as a result of this pandemic, and  this is not the time to let regulations lapse or to back away from our  commitment to get people the help that they need.   My State of New Hampshire, like so many, has been hit incredibly hard  by fentanyl and its chemical analogues. Chemical versions of fentanyl  are ever-changing, and we know that traffickers intentionally make  small variations in substances, knowing that the scheduling process may  take months in order to place these deadly drugs on schedule I where  they belong. This means that traffickers are often one step ahead of  law enforcement.   Madam Speaker, this legislation helps prevent that by ensuring all  fentanyl analogues are categorized as schedule I.   The DEA first issued a temporary order in February of 2018, and  Congress wisely passed legislation extending that order through May 6.   Madam Speaker, my legislation, the Extending Temporary Emergency  Scheduling of Fentanyl Analogues Act, would extend that order and,  again, ensure that constantly changing chemical versions of fentanyl,  often smuggled in from Mexico and China, are labeled as schedule I.   The bill would prevent our communities from being flooded with  synthetic opioids and will ensure that those trafficking them will be  held accountable without delay.   People are in a fight for their lives right now. Our country  continues to be ravished by addiction. To let down our guard at this  moment would cause unmistakable harm to our families and our  communities.   I am hopeful that we will see swift bipartisan action in Congress to  grant this extension.   Madam Speaker, I urge passage of this bill.   