 Madam President, today the Senate will be voting to  invoke cloture on the nomination of Tommy Beaudreau. And I have to  explain the difference between ``Bohdroh'' and ``Beaudreau.''  ``Bohdroh'' is when you are up north in Alaska being raised, and that  is how it is said and pronounced. It is spelled B-O-H-D-R-O-H. Now, if  you are down in the South, especially in Louisiana, it would be all  Beaudreau, which is B-E-A-U-X. So there is a difference here, and Tommy  wanted to make sure that I explained that to you.   Mr. Beaudreau has been nominated to serve as the Deputy Secretary of  the Department of the Interior. I believe that he will be an  outstanding Deputy Secretary. He is experienced. He knows the  Department of the Interior, and he is familiar with the wide range of  issues that come before it.   He has previously served as the first Director of the Bureau of Ocean  Energy Management, as the Acting Assistant Secretary for Land and  Minerals Management, and as Chief of Staff of the Department. His  performance at his nomination hearing demonstrated that he has both a  very firm grasp of the issues and the ability to listen, learn, and  work with all sides and to find commonsense solutions to difficult  problems.   He has the knowledge, the experience, the temperament, and the skills  needed to serve in this important position. Mr. Beaudreau fully  understands the role of the Department of the Interior in striking the  balance in its dual mission of preserving and protecting our national  parks and public lands and providing a large part of the energy and  mineral resources that we need to power the Nation.   And I believe Senators on both sides of the aisle will find that he  is someone that they can work with. Mr. Beaudreau is supremely well  qualified for the job. He was reported out of the Senate Energy  Committee with a very, very strong bipartisan vote. I heartily support  his nomination, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   