 Mr. President, as I have said many times in the past,  Presidents should be given a good deal of discretion when choosing  their political appointees, and so long as their nominees are qualified  and do not obstruct the advice and consent process, the Senate should  not stand in the way of their confirmation.   After all, Presidents are ultimately responsible for the actions of  their administration. And if the buck truly stops at the Resolute Desk,  they need to be able to trust their subordinates to get the job done.   That being said, I now come to the point of my coming to the floor;  that I must vote no on the nomination of Samantha Power to be Director  of USAID.   On February 18, I sent a letter to Ms. Power asking questions  regarding emails that came out of her office during her time serving as  U.N. Ambassador.   Heavily redacted versions of those emails obtained by my office  appear to suggest that Ms. Power's staff may have been working behind  the scenes to remove the Islamic Relief Agency from the U.S. Treasury  Department's sanctions list.   That organization was placed on the sanctions list for what?  Funneling money to terrorist groups, and, thus, removing it would allow  that organization to receive private donations as well as taxpayer  funds.   In her letter responding to my questions, Ms. Power claimed that she  was not working to take the Islamic Relief Agency off the sanctions  list. She further claimed that the emails in question were part of an  effort to challenge false claims made by the Islamic Relief Agency at  the U.N. denying their involvement in terrorist financing.   In order to verify her claims, I have requested, on multiple  occasions, that she provide unredacted copies of the emails and  complete answers to the questions that I posed in my original letter.   But after 3 months, all I have received is a collection of public  press releases. I have not received the emails I requested. I have not  received answers to my questions.   Normally, political appointees and nominees wait until after they are  confirmed to start ignoring congressional inquiries, but in this case,  it seems the Executive branch has decided advice and consent is going  to be a mere formality, and there is no need to wait. This seems to be  a pattern.   For instance, I asked the Secretary of HHS a number of specific  questions for the record as part of the Finance Committee vetting  process. I received responses that didn't even try to answer the  substance of my questions.   I also asked Interior Secretary Deb Haaland to reconcile some  conflicting information on her House financial disclosures and  responses to questions for the record for the Energy Committee about  her taxes. They weren't gotcha questions either. In fact, it was  probably innocent mistakes on her part, if anything, but Secretary  Haaland declined to respond at all.   Maybe the White House figures simply that they don't need Republican  votes so they don't need to answer even routine vetting questions from  Republicans, but then the White House can't blame Republicans for  voting no on their nominees when they ignore our oversight questions.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I am 5 minutes late in coming to the  Senate floor. I was supposed to be here on the fentanyl issue to  support Senator Cotton. I know that an objection has been raised, but I  want people to know how important I think this issue is.   Today, we were considering--hopefully, by unanimous consent--passing  a bill to permanently schedule fentanyl substances. Proactively  scheduling fentanyl-related substances ought to be a big priority  because too many Americans' lives have been lost to reject this  critical measure.   Some wrongly assert that controlling fentanyl analogs is partisan and  unnecessary. That is simply untrue. Legislation to schedule fentanyl  analogs is a bipartisan issue. Just last year, this body passed a  bipartisan, 15-month extension bill unanimously. Also, such authority  is necessary. The CDC estimates that fentanyl analogs have killed  50,000 Americans in the last 12 months. We must prevent overdose  deaths. Prevention is possible when we use our laws to force China to  stop the flow of fentanyl analogs.   Opponents of permanent scheduling assert that the authority is broad  and could result in too many arrests, but since the Drug Enforcement  Administration placed fentanyl analogs in schedule I, the Justice  Department has convicted only 80 people under that authority. So too  many people being arrested as an argument against their permanent  extension is hogwash. This authority hasn't resulted in vast and wide  prosecutions; rather, this authority has been targeted and deliberate,  and, of course, that is the way it should be.   So if controlling fentanyl analogs is, in fact, bipartisan and  necessary, why isn't supporting legislation then a no-brainer? Perhaps  because of heightened partisanship, the Democrats can't vote for  legislation that helps law enforcement, or maybe they can't be seen as  supporting any drug control law even if it could save thousands of  lives. This position goes against the unfortunate truth that 50,000  Americans have died from these deadly fentanyl analogs. Politics has no  place above human life.   As frustrated as I am by this, it is not my nature to throw in the  towel. I will always work hard to find middle ground. That is why I am  asking every Senator to support Senator Cotton's permanent extension  or, at a minimum, my bill, the Temporary Extension of Fentanyl  Scheduling Act. This bipartisan measure extends the authority to  schedule fentanyl analogs for 14 months. It keeps fentanyl analogs in  schedule I until July 2022, which is long enough for the administration  to come to a permanent scheduling solution and allow for a deliberate  and transparent dialogue with Congress.   Simply put, we need to give ourselves enough time to find a solution  to this major problem causing 50,000 lives to be lost every year. As  history shows us, lengthy fentanyl scheduling legislation is not  controversial. I am simply asking for a similar, bipartisan approach  now. My bill is the only bipartisan temporary extension bill on the  table.   I am grateful for Senators Hassan and Shaheen for teaming up with me  and Senator Cornyn.   We can't limit ourselves in the fight against fentanyl. It is with  this in mind that I urge all of my colleagues to support either a  permanent extension or my bipartisan bill and to extend the authority  to schedule fentanyl analogs for 14 months.   I yield the floor.   