 Mr. Speaker, before I jump into my remarks, I  would like to echo what my colleague from Texas said.  [[Page H2188]]    The interesting thing about the Major League Baseball decision is,  only 2 days before they decided that voter ID was too tough for them,  they signed a deal with Tencent in China, where there are no elections  whatsoever and where they are committing cultural genocide against the  Uighurs.   That wasn't good enough in Georgia, but they signed a deal for  millions of dollars to support what is going on in China.   Mr. Speaker, as a physician, I recognize that cancel culture is a  sickness in our society. It is easy to diagnose, but we have to admit  it is going to be difficult to cure because we are fighting the woke  media and the woke left.    The left is using cancel culture to tear our country apart in its  quest for their version of a utopia. They demonize conservatives as an  enemy of a nation that we love and hold dear. But no one is safe from  cancel culture, not even the liberals themselves.   Who has advanced progressivism more than Barack Obama during his 8  years as President? No one. Yet, leftists today are canceling Barack  Obama, who was, until recently, their self-proclaimed hero. In his home  State of Illinois, Thomas Jefferson Middle School was supposed to be  renamed the Barack and Michelle Obama Middle School; that is, until the  far radical left protested that Obama followed the laws in some  instances by deporting illegal immigrants.   God forbid that a President, tasked in the Constitution to enforce  the law, actually enforces the law.   So, please, my colleagues on the left, tell me how my colleagues on  the right are safe from cancel culture when your side of the aisle  isn't even safe. Iconic figures on the left are being canceled.   Just the other week, the famed atheist Richard Dawkins, who many  fellow Christians and I find incredibly offensive for his bigoted  attacks on our faith, was just canceled. Dawkins was stripped of his  Humanist of the Year Award that he received back in 1996. Of what was  he found guilty? He believed that a civil discussion on what  constitutes gender was legitimate. Canceled.   A professor even canceled lecturing on the writings of James Baldwin,  known for his participation in the civil rights and gay liberation  movements, because his students said it made them ``relive  intergenerational trauma.''   Matthew Yglesias, the founder of the liberal news website Vox, has  been canceled simply because he didn't want to defund the police.  Canceled.   Again, my colleagues on the left, tell me how cancel culture doesn't  exist, and tell me that conservatives aren't being attacked.   Who are these conservatives getting canceled?   Well, the left tried unsuccessfully, as was mentioned earlier, to  cancel Goya Foods executive Robert Unanue because he supported Donald  Trump.   President Abraham Lincoln, who ended the Democrat Party's institution  of slavery, is being canceled.   Lincoln's general, President Ulysses S. Grant: Canceled.   Covington Catholic children--yes, I said children--were completely  slandered with lies by the left-wing media simply because they happened  to be wearing MAGA hats.   Senate Democrats tried to cancel Justice Amy Coney Barrett because  she actually believes what her Catholic faith teaches.   Vice President Kamala Harris tried to cancel a lower court appointee  just 3 years ago because he was a member of the Catholic charitable  group Knights of Columbus. Apparently, they hold the controversial view  that we shouldn't terminate the lives of innocent, unborn children.   Enough is enough. If we want our country to continue to prosper, we  need to stop seeing each other as political enemies and candidates for  cancellation. We need to remember the motto on the great seal above my  head as I speak: E pluribus unum, out of many, one.   We are a nation of many different States, localities, ethnicities,  religions, backgrounds, and political beliefs. We need to stop focusing  on our differences and start seeing each other as Americans, once  again, regardless of what we believe.   Cancel culture is anti-American and, for the sake of our Nation, it  needs to end now. I urge my Democrat colleagues to join us in this.  Your own icons are being canceled. You will be the next victim. You  will be assimilated.   