 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 1031, sponsored by Senator  Raphael Warnock. I would also like to recognize Chairman Takano for  leading this effort in the House.   As you all know, when the men and women of our military sign up to  serve, we make a promise to care for them upon their separation,  regardless of age, ethnicity, race, or gender.   The Veterans' Affairs Committee has heard concerns from veterans who  say that they have been treated unfairly in the VA benefits system  based on their minority status. However, we have no objective data to  determine whether there is a bias against the minority groups in the VA  through the claims process.   S. 1031 would help address this question by requiring a GAO study to  determine whether any differences exist in the way the VA  administrators compensate benefits based on the veteran's background.  This report would provide Congress and VA with the information we need  to determine what biases exist and, if so, how to address them.   I support S. 1031, and I hope that my colleagues will do the same.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support  the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 894, the Hire Veteran  Health Heroes Act of 2021. This bill was introduced by Senator Mike  Braun of Indiana. The gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Latta) introduced the  House companion bill. I thank them both for their efforts on this  excellent piece of legislation.   The Hire Veteran Health Heroes Act would help accomplish three  important goals:   The first is supporting servicemembers as they transition out of the  military.   The second is helping veterans find meaningful work in their civilian  lives.   The third is ensuring that VA medical facilities are well staffed to  provide timely, high-quality care to veterans.   This bill would require VA to work with DOD to identify separating  servicemembers with backgrounds in healthcare, and it would require VA  to refer those servicemembers who are interested in working in the VA  [[Page H6253]]  healthcare system to recruiters for possible placement in VA medical  facilities with open positions.   Mr. Speaker, I am glad to support this bill today. I hope all of my  colleagues will do the same on both sides of the aisle.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I did have a speaker here that was en route,  but I will close.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate this bill. I appreciate the people who  worked on this bill, and I encourage all of my colleagues to support  it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3665, a bill to name the  VA medical center in San Diego, California, the Jennifer Moreno VA  Medical Center, and to support naming a component of such medical  center in honor of Kathleen Bruyere.   Jennifer Moreno, a native of San Diego, California, received her  initial commission in the United States Army as a Nurse Corps officer.   Jennifer was assigned to Madigan Army Medical Center at Joint Base  Lewis-McChord in Washington. Jennifer served there as a clinical staff  nurse in the medical-surgical unit and earned her certification as a  medical-surgical registered nurse.   Following that assignment, Jennifer volunteered for and was selected  into the Special Operations Command Cultural Support Team program.   Captain Moreno deployed to Afghanistan in June 2013 with the Army's  75th Ranger Regiment.   On October 6, 2013, Captain Moreno was attached to a U.S. Army Ranger  unit on a night mission in the Zhari district in Kandahar province to  capture a high-value target when four explosive devices were triggered.   Captain Moreno heard a call for help and did not hesitate to respond.  As she made her way to help her fellow soldier, Captain Moreno  triggered a fifth explosive and sadly became the first nurse Combat  Support Team member to die in action.   Heroism obviously knows no gender.   It is only fitting that the San Diego VA Medical Center be renamed in  Jennifer's honor.   This bill also honors Navy Captain Kathleen Mae Bruyere by naming a  space within the San Diego VA Medical Center after her.   Captain Bruyere was a trailblazer who dedicated her career to  advancing opportunities for servicewomen who played an instrumental  role in revising restrictions that prevented women from serving on  combat aircraft and ships.   Notably, Captain Bruyere helped conduct a study that led to 9,000  sea-duty and command jobs opening for women on 24 combatant ships.   And as is true for so many servicemembers, Kathleen's service did not  end upon retirement from the military.   Until shortly before her death, Captain Bruyere was an active  volunteer  [[Page H6255]]  at Miramar National Cemetery. While there, Captain Bruyere devoted  almost 4,300 hours to help visitors locate their loved ones' graves and  provided information about veterans' burial benefits.   By naming a dedicated space in the Jennifer Moreno VA Medical Center  after Captain Bruyere today, we will further ensure that her influence  and services are forever remembered.   Currently, of the 1,255 VA healthcare facilities, only two are named  for women veterans. It is time to recognize the many contributions and  the heroism of women who have served, especially those who made the  ultimate sacrifice.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support this bill, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support  this legislation and for all that it stands for.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1095, the Colonel John M. McHugh  Tuition Fairness for Survivors Act of 2021. This bill would expand the  in-State tuition requirements to dependents and survivors of eligible  veterans through the Survivors' and Dependents' Educational Assistance,  or the DEA program.   The DEA program provides $1,224 a month in tax-free benefits directly  to the eligible participants to help cover the costs of higher  education or training.   Dependents are eligible for this program if the veteran died while on  Active Duty, is a former prisoner of war, or has a permanent and total  service-connected disability rating or dies from a service-connected  disability.   By expanding the in-State tuition requirements, we will make it  easier for DEA participants to complete their studies without  additional debt.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the bill is named in honor of Colonel  John McHugh. Colonel McHugh was killed in action on May 18, 2010, by a  suicide bomber in Afghanistan after serving his country for 24 years.  This bill honors his sacrifice.   I thank Senator Moran, ranking member of the Senate Committee on  Veterans' Affairs, as well as Congressman Moore, for their hard work in  crafting this commonsense piece of legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support S. 1095, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Moore), my friend.    Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support  this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5671, as amended. This  bill will authorize VA to give flu shots to certain nonveterans this  flu season. Earlier this year, the chairman and I worked with the  Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs' colleagues to allow VA to  vaccinate all veterans, as well as their spouses and certain caregivers  against COVID-19.   The bill we are considering today would allow VA to provide flu  vaccines to those individuals as well this flu season. Preventing a bad  flu season this year is important for many reasons. It could help save  lives, most importantly. It could help avoid adding further burden to  the shoulders of the doctors and the nurses who have already sacrificed  so much throughout this pandemic. It could also help ensure that COVID- 19 recovery efforts stay on track as we continue to try to get back to  life as we knew it before March 2020.   This is an important public health initiative and I am glad to  support it today. I hope this bill will have the support of all of my  colleagues.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   