 Today was heartbreaking, and I was shaken to the core as  I thought about the people I have met in China and Russia and  Afghanistan and Iraq and other places who yearn for freedom and who  look to this building and these shores as a place of hope. I saw the  images being broadcasted around the world, and it breaks my heart.   I have 25 grandchildren. Many of them were watching TV, thinking  about this building, and whether their grandpa was OK. I knew I was OK.  I must tell you, as well, that I am proud to serve with these men and  women. This is an extraordinary group of people. I am proud to be a  Member of the U.S. Senate and meet with people of integrity as we do  here today.   Now, we gather due to a selfish man's injured pride and the outrage  of his  [[Page S26]]  supporters, whom he has deliberately misinformed for the past 2 months  and stirred to action this very morning. What happened here today was  an insurrection that was incited by the President of the United States.  Those who choose to continue to support his dangerous gambit by  objecting to the results of a legitimate and democratic election will  forever be seen as being complicit in an unprecedented attack against  our democracy. Fairly or not, they will be remembered for their role in  this shameful episode of American history. That will be their legacy.   I salute Senators Lankford and Loeffler and Braun and Daines and, I  am sure, others who, in light of today's outrage, have withdrawn their  objections. For any who remain insistent on an audit in order to  satisfy the many people who believe the election was stolen, I would  offer this perspective: No congressional audit is ever going to  convince these voters, particularly when the President will continue to  say that the election was stolen. The best way we can show respect for  the voters who are upset is by telling them the truth.   (Applause, Senators rising.)   That is the burden. That is the duty of leadership. The truth is that  President-Elect Biden won the election, and President Trump lost. I had  that experience myself. It is no fun.   (Laughter.)   Scores of courts, the President's own Attorney General, and State  elections officials, both Republican and Democrat, have reached that  unequivocal decision.   In light of today's sad circumstances, I ask my colleague: Do we  weigh our own political fortunes more heavily than we weigh the  strength of our Republic, the strength of our democracy, and the cause  of freedom? What is the weight of personal acclaim compared to the  weight of conscience?   Leader McConnell said that the vote today is the most important in  his 36 years of public service. Think of that after his authorizing two  wars and voting against two impeachments. He said that not because the  vote reveals something about the election but because this vote reveals  something about us.   I urge my colleagues to move forward with completing the electoral  count, to refrain from further objections, and to unanimously affirm  the legitimacy of the Presidential election.   Thank you, Mr. President.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Democratic leader.   