 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues. This has  been the most enjoyable venture for the last 6 to 8 weeks.   So many people have given up on the Senate. They have given up on  Congress. They have given up on our ability to be able to do the big  things.   This is big. This is a big deal. And I don't care who is looking at  it any way they can, it has been said that nothing like this has been  done in 30 years. It hasn't. We have all talked about it. We all knew  it.   Senator Warner said that, basically, potholes and bridges don't have  names. They don't have Republican and Democrat identification. It will  hurt us all, and it has.   It is something that every administration for the past four to five  administrations knew had to be done, and they didn't because this is  hard. It is not easy.   They call us a deliberative body. This is true to what deliberation  is about: to come to an agreement. And it takes an awful lot of time, a  lot of patience, and a lot of effort. We did that.   And when you think about it, having Majority Leader Chuck Schumer and  the leader of the Republican Party, Mitch McConnell, vote for this  piece of legislation, that says a lot about it; that it is needed. The  American people are speaking loud and clear. The polls are  overwhelming, whether it is Democrat, Republican, Independent--they  could care less. They want their infrastructure repaired.   Let's rebuild America. We talk about it a lot. And when you think  about this, this is the largest long-term jobs program that we have  done--that we have ever done--for an awful long time.   They talk about, basically, that the economy is soaring now, and they  figure it will taper off and maybe even go down. This will prevent that  from happening. These are great jobs. In every city, in every part of  the county, in every State in America, great jobs are going to be  available for people who want good-paying, high-skill jobs with  benefits.   This is the bill that will do it for them, and this will keep us  going from 5 to 10 years, not just 1 year. It is not just a ``one  blip'' on the radar screen and we are done. This is for 5 to 10 years,  and we can continue to build on it.   There are only a few things that bring us together as Americans, that  bring us together as Congress, that we all gather around. One is the  military. I have never seen a military piece of legislation or NDAA  that we all didn't rally around and pass, whether Democrat or  Republican. We knew it had to be done for the sake of our country. And  infrastructure is the second. I have never seen anything so popular as  infrastructure.   People say: Oh, Joe, we need it done. And these are people that might  be hardcore left or hardcore right. They could care less. They want  their infrastructure. They want their roads. They want their children  safe on the buses. They want to be able to travel and communicate.   They want internet service, if you live in Maine or if you live in  rural Alaska or you live in rural West Virginia or New Hampshire or  Virginia or Louisiana or Utah and also in Ohio. Wherever you may be,  they want it. They want to be able to communicate and compete for the  jobs of the 21st century.   This is largest investment in clean drinking water and wastewater  infrastructure in American history--the largest. It is the largest  dedicated bridge investment since the construction of the interstate  highway system. It is the largest investment in clean energy  transmission and infrastructure in the history of our country. It is  the largest Federal investment in passenger rail since the creation of  Amtrak. Think about that. Think of what I just said. It is the largest  we have ever done. This is something.   Now, I have always said that the best politics is good government. We  do something good, and we can all take credit for it. I have seen  people take credit for things they voted against when it was so good.  This is one they can. They can say it is going to be great, go home,  you will enjoy it.   I can tell you also what the deliberative body that we are and the  greatest deliberative body in the world. By deliberation, it brings us  together. We know each other. We know each other's families. We care  about each other. We don't look at each as Democrat or Republican.  These are my friends, my individual friends, who I think basically  would have my back at any time of the day and I would have theirs.   This is what brings us--this is what people want. They want to see us  work. And I want to thank--I will thank--Majority Leader Chuck Schumer.  He has been adamant about let's pass this bill. Hurry up. Now, he has  pushed us a little bit faster sometimes, but it is deliberation. We got  through it. But he wanted the bill to happen.   And I think, really--I think deep down--that Mitch McConnell wants  the bill. He has voted for it. He wants it too.   So when you have both leaders pushing for it on both sides of the  aisle, this is something that is going to get across the line, and I  really believe very strongly in it.   It includes the energy infrastructure act that passed the ENR, with  Senator Murkowski, then as the majority, as the chairman of Energy and  Natural Resources. We worked on it together--a great piece of  legislation.   We are talking about energy that is going to be making and keeping  America energy independent, but doing it cleaner than at any time in  the world, anyplace in the world. We are going to be the leader for the  world. You can't eliminate your way to a clean environment, but you can  innovate your way. That is what this bill has.   It has the commitment to research and development that will define  basically the way that we can clean up the climate, which we are all  responsible for.   So I am very proud to be part of this and proud of all of you, my  colleagues, that I have worked with and I think the world of.   This is something we should be proud of. This is a give-and-take  proposition. Nobody got what they wanted; everybody got what we needed.  And that is the most important thing.   Thank you, Mr. President.   Now, I yield to my good friend from Louisiana.   