 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from  Louisiana, Vice Chair   Mike Johnson, for yielding.   Madam Speaker, we can all agree our Nation's transportation and  infrastructure system is in need of investment to improve our quality  of life and economic competitiveness. Very unfortunately, the Biden  administration has thus far chosen a go-it-alone approach in solving  this problem with a $2.3 trillion proposal, whereby less than 8 percent  would go toward improving our Nation's roads, bridges, highways,  airports, ports, and waterways, traditional infrastructure.   The rest is filled with provisions that have nothing to do with  traditional T&I as we all know it, including $173 billion for electric  cars and car electrical ports for powering; $400 billion to expand  Medicaid programs, which is not infrastructure; and hundreds of  billions of dollars to implement provisions of the Green New Deal.   As a means to pay for it, the Biden administration and Democratic  leadership plan to raise taxes by over $2 trillion. At a time when our  economy is in recovery, and we are supposed to be on the side of  American manufacturing and repatriating jobs, bringing these companies  back to America, the idea of significant tax increases is another  upside-down policy and will certainly not attract business but only  export them.   Additionally, our infrastructure plan needs to be supplemented by  private capital investment. That is where accountability comes from.  That is why I plan to introduce the Infrastructure Bank for America  Act, which would add to existing government funding with private  investment, increasing access to capital for worthy infrastructure  projects that deliver on R&I and deliver value to the American people  at a fraction of the cost to the taxpayer.   Contrary to the Biden infrastructure plan, IBA investments would not  be restricted and would help finance surface transportation projects,  grid security, broadband, and revitalization of cities and towns across  America and my district.   Thus far, the Biden administration has failed to reach across the  aisle in a meaningful way to accomplish anything. We should unite to  fix our roads, bridges, highways, airports, and other gateways to  growth and innovation, not exploit this opportunity and pass a $2  trillion liberal wish list that will raise taxes, impose Green New Deal  mandates, and add trillions to our national debt.   