 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Morelle for yielding me the  customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, today's rule provides for consideration of two pieces of  legislation. The first, H.R. 447, is the National Apprenticeship Act.  The bill seeks to improve and streamline access to apprenticeships.  These goals are broadly supported by Members on both sides of the  political aisle, in the House and in the Senate.   We considered an almost identical bill in the 116th Congress, which  was the previous Congress. At that time, Republicans expressed a desire  to work together to achieve the goal of modernizing the National  Apprenticeship Program. Since then, the Democrats have pushed through  their bill that did nothing to streamline the program, nothing for  flexibility for employer-driven apprenticeships.   The bill before us today is largely the same. Rather than work with  Republicans in a meaningful way, the majority remains committed to  codifying decades of rigid regulations and red tape. The Committee on  Education and Labor did not even have a hearing or a markup on this  bill before it came before the Committee on Rules, essentially shutting  out committee Republicans from the negotiation process entirely--many  of whom were new members on the Committee on Education and Labor and  did not participate in the discussion in the last Congress.   Mr. Speaker, between 2009 and 2019, America saw a 128 percent growth  in apprenticeships. In September of 2020, the Department of Labor  reported that 94 percent of all apprentices who completed their  apprenticeship received an average annual salary of $70,000. Today's  registered apprenticeship system is an important tool for job seekers  and employers.   It does have some flaws, however. In 2019, 252,000 individuals began  an apprenticeship. Good for them, but only 81,000 graduated.   This bill would make the apprenticeship system the only registered  and Department of Labor-supported apprenticeship option, shutting the  door on opportunities for those who participate in nonregistered earn- and-learn programs. While so many in the Nation have lost work due to  the economic toll of the pandemic, now is not the time to make it  harder to find adequate training by reducing an individual's  apprenticeship options.  [[Page H268]]    Mr. Speaker, the National Apprenticeship Act would make this system  even less receptive to innovation and create prescriptive requirements  on apprenticeships. It also makes it difficult for small and medium- sized businesses to participate, as they do not always have the  resources to navigate the lengthy and Byzantine Department of Labor  registration process.   America desperately needs more lab technicians. We need more medical  assistants. We need more pharmacy technicians. In the middle of a  global public health crisis, we cannot afford to stymie motivated  future employees.   Republicans agree that this 80-year-old system can and must be  improved, but the solutions must be targeted and effective. The  majority claims that the increased funding in this legislation will  create 1 million apprenticeships. While it is true that the legislation  provides significantly more funding, unfortunately, more money alone  doesn't guarantee better outcomes if the underlying systems don't work  in the first place.   Mr. Speaker, the second part of this rule provides for consideration  of H. Con. Res. 11, establishing a budget for fiscal year 2021, and  providing the budget reconciliation instructions for fiscal years 2021  through 2030. Budget reconciliation is a fast-track, budgetary tool  used to implement policy changes into law. This procedure requires only  51 votes in the Senate--not the normal 60 votes to break the  filibuster, but only 51 votes in the Senate--which, unfortunately, can  turn this into a partisan exercise, which is what happened here today.   President Biden has proposed a $1.9 trillion coronavirus relief  package, but under the reconciliation instructions included in the  resolution, the deficit would increase to between $2 trillion and $3  trillion.   Look, on the west front of the Capitol 2 weeks ago, the President  called for unity--his first move. And, today, we see the Democrats  employing a partisan process to jam through their wish list of policy  priorities.   The Budget Committee has not yet even organized as a committee, but  the Committee on Rules adopted a rule to consider budget reconciliation  without any prior hearings or markups. This will be the first time  since 1974 that Congress has bypassed the Budget Committee and gone  straight to the floor with a budget resolution.   In addition, the Democrats did not pass a budget resolution at all  for fiscal year 2021. So the budget resolution before us today is  exactly 290 days late.    Barely 1 month ago, Congress passed--and President Trump signed into  law--a $900 billion coronavirus relief package. Combined with previous  relief packages--and there were many--there remains $1 trillion in  unspent funding. To my knowledge, there have been very few, if any,  authorizing and oversight hearings to account for what funds are needed  and how these funds have been spent and ensure they are being used in a  way that best benefits the American people.   With all of that as background, then you have to ask yourself: ``Why  is it now so urgent to pass another $2 trillion bill?''   Well, the answer lies in the progressive, partisan policy priorities  that the majority wants to push through, including raising taxes,  increasing the minimum wage, implementing the Green New Deal, providing  a path to citizenship for illegal aliens, lowering Medicare  eligibility, providing universal basic income, and canceling student  loan debt.   But these policies do not address the immediate needs of Americans  who are trying to survive the pandemic. Now is not the time to push  partisan priorities.   Look, Republicans do stand ready to work with Democrats to provide  the needed resources for the American people. Yesterday's visit by 10  Republican senators to the Oval Office and the time that President  Biden spent with them certainly should be indicative to people that  there is a willingness to work together to solve the problems of the  country, but we also are obligated to ensure that the proposals are  thoroughly vetted and will be implemented in a way that actually helps  rather than further harms our recovery.   Mr. Speaker, I would add that Mr. Morelle referenced some of the  other things contained in the rule. I think it is important that  Members understand the threats under which we operate. As such, I,  frankly, do not understand why we have not been provided a classified  briefing by the Speaker of the House as to what the threats were prior  to January 6 and what the threats are going forward. Suffice it to say,  that the people's House--the House of Representatives--now is  completely on lockdown. There are no people in the people's House other  than the Representatives, and that is not the way it was intended.   I think we are owed an explanation for what the level of threat is so  that we may adequately prepare ourselves in our personal lives, as well  as our work in our districts. I would call upon the Speaker to make  such a bipartisan Member briefing available as soon as possible.   Mr. Speaker, I urge opposition to the rule, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from  Oklahoma (Mr. Cole), the ranking member of the Rules Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Cole).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Missouri (Mr. Smith), my new favorite ranking member of the Budget  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Iowa  (Mr. Feenstra), who is a new, freshman member of the Republican  Conference, to give what I believe is his first speech on the House  floor.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an  amendment to the rule to immediately consider H.R. 682, the Reopen  Schools Act, to encourage local educational agencies to resume in- person instruction in elementary and secondary schools.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include in the Record the  text of my amendment, along with any extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Iowa (Mrs. Hinson), who is here to explain the amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Iowa.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close.   Mr. Speaker, Republicans agree that apprenticeships are vital to  American livelihoods and our national interests. We agree that reforms  to these programs are necessary and prudent. It is time to update the  apprenticeship program to better reflect the needs of employers and the  needs of our Nation. Republicans stand ready to negotiate. Now is the  time to give Americans opportunities to succeed, and I sincerely hope  that we will do just that.   To recover from this pandemic, we must also not push through policies  that do not address the immediate needs of the American people. The  budget reconciliation resolution provided for in this rule will  drastically increase the deficit and seek to implement nonessential  partisan policy priorities without first conducting the necessary  authorization hearings and conducting the necessary oversight to ensure  that current funding is spent effectively and efficiently.   After the multiple calls for unity, it is disappointing that the  first move that we are seeing from the majority in this Congress is to  employ this partisan procedural process. I do hope they reconsider and  come back to the negotiating table through regular order.   Let me just also ask again that the Speaker allow Members to be  briefed by the appropriate law enforcement agencies as to exactly what  the threats are here in the Nation's Capital. I think we would all  benefit from that not just in our work here in Washington, D.C., but  also when we work with constituents and staff back in our districts.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question, a ``no''  vote on the rule, and a ``no'' vote on the underlying measures.  [[Page H272]]    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   