 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the Equality Act.   The issues discussed as part of the Equality Act are important.  Amending the Civil Rights Act to include sexual orientation would be a  historic step. Unfortunately, without explicit religious exemptions,  there are many questions that will arise.   Title II of the Civil Rights Act currently prohibits discrimination  in places of public accommodation on the basis of race, color,  religion, or national origin.   The Equality Act would dramatically expand the definition of public  accommodation to include any place of public gathering or any  establishment that provides a service, such as food banks or homeless  shelters.   Every religion and faith in America has had its own set of beliefs.  Some of these, including Christian, Jewish, and Muslim religions, are  thousands of years old and answer to a much higher power.   My personal faith, as a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of  Latter-day Saints, teaches me that every individual is a child of God  and deserves to be treated with love and respect.   My religion also teaches that marriage is sacred and eternal in  nature. The marriage ceremonies conducted in the sacred places of my  faith are conducted in temples that must not be deemed places of public  accommodation.   If houses of worship are defined as places of public accommodation, a  number of problems arise, many having nothing to do with LGBT rights.   For example, could an orthodox Jewish synagogue decline to permit an  interfaith couple from having their wedding ceremony in the synagogue?   Could a traditional mosque conduct gender-segregated classes for  youth programs?   Could a Catholic church's homeless shelter have separate housing for  men and women?   Could BYU or other church-owned universities continue hiring those  individuals who follow its standards?   Democrats claim the purpose of introducing the Equality Act is not to  impede religious freedom. In fact, Democrats claim that the existing  laws are enough to protect religious freedom.   But why, then, leave these crucial matters unclear and threaten  people of faith?   Why not accept an amendment to the Equality Act that clearly exempts  religious organizations?   Why remove the protections of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act?   The First Amendment right to practice our faith is at the core of our  Nation's culture. Our moral compass of service, tolerance, kindness,  and charity stems from our Judeo-Christian foundation. No law should  take us down the slippery slope of forgetting this legacy, regardless  of its title.   When Congress wants to protect religious expressions, it knows how to  do so. The last major civil rights law enacted by Congress was the  Americans with Disabilities Act. It contains a clear and explicit  religious exemption.    Why not make the law clear to promote civil rights and religious  liberty?  [[Page H651]]    That would be the historic and unifying thing to do.   