 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from Louisiana.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to address a very important issue in our  country. Crisis after crisis after crisis that we see, including last  week where the President gathered with world leaders to discuss a  fairytale climate agenda that will literally dismantle America's  national security based on disinformation.   If we continue down this path, all Americans should worry about one  thing: Where is our energy going to come from? We are told that we must  dismantle the American oil and gas production to save the planet, but  in 2019, U.S. harmful emissions were 13 percent less than they were in  2005. No other country has cut their footprint more in that short  amount of time.   And what is responsible for this? Well, it is not electric vehicles.  It is not unreliable energy sources. It's the American shale  revolution. Clean-burning natural gas is critical in allowing us to  achieve affordable, reliable energy supply without the harmful  emissions and the increases like we see from major polluters like  Russia and China. But instead of building on that progress, President  Biden and Democrats are crippling the American energy sector and  emboldening our foreign adversaries.   I am proud to represent the men and women of the Permian Basin and  the job that they do to keep the lights on to make sure that we have  that affordable, reliable energy, and that it is running every single  day.   It is time to put Midland over Moscow. Any vote for reconciliation  might as well be a vote for Russia. I am urging my colleagues to vote  ``no.''    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Keller), my colleague.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to shed light on the outrageous  overreaching vaccine mandate that is devastating the lives of  Americans, including those that I represent.   Everywhere I go in my district, I hear from workers across all  sectors who are facing the prospect of being fired. And why? Simply  because Joe Biden and the White House think that they know better, that  they have made a different medical decision than the powers that be in  the White House.  [[Page H6363]]    A few examples of calls that I have received just this week: A soon- to-be-mother who doesn't want to take the vaccine until after she gives  birth is facing termination. The countless healthcare workers who have  sacrificed so much for the last year-and-a-half-plus to save the lives  of all of us to be there to serve us, and now they are facing  termination. A married couple recently moved to San Angelo during the  pandemic in search of freedom and personal liberty that Texas  so desperately promises the rest of the country. And now the husband,  an Air Force veteran and a Border Patrol agent, faces termination due  to President Biden's egregious Federal overreach.    It is about control. This is about control. This vaccine mandate is  another example of Democrats' belief that the government should control  every aspect of our lives.   America, wake up. The message is the same: That the President thinks  he knows better for you than you know for yourself. We must strike down  Biden's unconstitutional vaccine mandate now.   