 Mr. President, I thank my friend from Ohio, who has been  such a leader on the underlying bill, and I have been proud to work on  this clarification on this critical issue on cryptocurrency.   I thank the Senator, who is correct in his understanding.   I would also like to add some additional clarifications.   The bill ensures that digital asset market players who provide a  platform to facilitate digital asset trades by taxpayers will be  considered brokers required to report information to the IRS and  taxpayers about those transactions.   Reporting entities may be digital asset exchanges or hosted wallet  providers, often called custodians, or other agents involved in  effectuating digital asset transactions.   The bill recognizes that digital assets are different from stocks and  bonds. For example, some taxpayers regularly transfer digital assets  between digital asset exchanges or to an off-exchange wallet and then  back to an exchange.   Those taxpayers need information returns that link the steps in those  chains so they have the complete information they need to prepare their  tax returns.   This bill treats digital asset businesses that, for consideration--in  effect, money--regularly effect transfers of digital assets as brokers  and provides for reporting of digital asset transfers to or by a  broker, including in cases where transfer is not directly from one  broker to another.   Senator Portman, do you have anything further to add on this item?    Mr. President, the Senator is entirely correct in his  analysis of the application of the bill, and further, I believe, and  Treasury has indicated, that this would also be true for individuals  engaged in staking their digital assets for the purpose of validating  distributed ledger transactions--proof of stake--which we know to be  much more environmentally sustainable.   It would also be true for other validation methods associated with  other consensus mechanisms, some of which are just coming to market,  while others are still in the developmental stage.   People who solely act to validate transactions will not be treated as  brokers for those validation activities.    Mr. President, I think the Senator asked a question that  has been queried by a number of folks in the media and elsewhere, and  the Senator is entirely correct in his analysis of the application of  the bill.   Those persons do not effectuate transfers of digital assets and,  therefore, would not be treated as brokers.   If you are selling hardware or software for which the only function  is to  [[Page S6096]]  permit persons to control private keys which are used for accessing  digital assets on a distributed ledger, you will not be considered in  the business of being a broker.   I also want to say a word about the bipartisan amendment that I  worked on with Senators Portman, Sinema, Toomey, and Lummis.   I am pleased that we were able to file it today, and I would have  hoped that we would have gotten a vote, but I thank them for their  diligence and hard work to clarify, in concert with the Treasury  Department, this critical section of the bill.   We want to ensure that taxes legitimately owed are paid, and full and  accurate transaction reporting is a proven way to make that happen.   We don't, however, want to place reporting requirements on  individuals who shouldn't have them.   The amendment memorializes the common understanding that the  requirements are to apply only to persons who regularly, and for  consideration, effectuate transfers of digital assets.   Persons solely engaged in validating distributed ledger transactions  will not be covered for those activities, whether they use proof of  work, proof of stake or some other new consensus mechanisms.   Nor will they apply to persons solely engaged in selling hardware or  software with the sole function of permitting someone to control  private keys used to access digital assets.   Of course, if these entities provide additional services for  consideration that would qualify as brokerage, the rules would apply to  them as any other broker.   This is an exciting new technology that, in theory, could help bring  services to the underserved and reduce costs for everyone. We need,  however, to strike the appropriate balance between capturing the  promised benefits and guarding against the potential for serious abuse  and creation of a shadow financial system beyond the reach of  established rules to combat illicit finance and tax evasion.   