 Madam Speaker, before I get to my prepared remarks, let  me just respond to my friend from Ohio. When he speaks, he makes it  sound like that what went on here yesterday on the vote on the 1/6  commission was not bipartisan.   Let me remind the gentleman that the work of   John Katko on our side  and Bennie Thompson on the Democratic side was absolutely bipartisan.  There was a give-and-take for both sides. When the final vote was taken  yesterday, yes, there were only 35 Republican votes, but I think that  would qualify as a bipartisan vote yesterday. So to categorically  suggest to the people who might be listening or watching today that  that was one-sided is certainly inaccurate.   I agree with my friend from Washington that we need a better idea of  how we are going to spend money before we do what Washington always  does, and that is just throw a lot of money at the problem. So,  naturally, I rise in opposition to this partisan security supplemental.  It is certainly not bipartisan in its workup because there hasn't been  any negotiation, as we saw with Mr. Thompson and Mr. Katko yesterday.   This is just my opinion, but I believe that one of the biggest  failures that led to what happened on 1/6 was a failure to act on  intelligence that we knew. I supported that bipartisan commission  because I want to see the intelligence. I want to see what was being  said by all of our experts in the run-up to 1/6. I think part of the  problem on January 6 was the fact that we did not act on intelligence  that we knew.   If the National Guard was needed, there is a protocol in place to  activate the National Guard.    So I object to the creation of a quick reaction force, a  $200 million expense to bring the National Guard into the picture.  There is a protocol in place. We ought to exercise it. The way you do  it is you act on intelligence.   I also oppose creating the $250 million slush fund for future unknown  costs. Let's understand what our security needs are before we throw a  bunch of money at the problem.   It also includes funding for the judiciary and the District of  Columbia that is unrelated to the January 6 attacks. The security of  our Federal courts is extremely important, but that can be addressed  through the regular appropriations process. We ought to do that.    Finally, I am disappointed the bill was not marked up by the  Appropriations Committee and that the majority has prohibited  amendments to improve the bill.   Madam Speaker, it is not going to surprise you or anybody else that I  am not a big fan of this bill. I urge a ``no'' vote. Let's go back to  the drawing board. Let's bring some sanity back to this process.   