 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, current data clearly suggests that vaccinations for  women during pregnancy can protect mothers and newborns against  infectious diseases. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has  long recommended various vaccinations for pregnant women to improve  maternal and infant health outcomes.   Despite these recommendations, vaccination rates among pregnant women  remain relatively low. But according to the American College of  Obstetricians and Gynecologists, when a vaccine recommendation comes  directly from a patient's own OB-GYN, the likelihood of accepting that  vaccine could be up to 50 times higher.   The Maternal Vaccination Act requires the Secretary of Health and  Human Services to include obstetric providers in existing vaccination  public awareness campaign programs to help increase vaccinations among  pregnant and postpartum women.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the human papillomavirus, or HPV, is a common virus in  the United States, infecting about 13 million Americans each year.  While 9 out of 10 HPV infections are benign, in some circumstances, HPV  can cause cancer. Records from the CDC indicate about 36,000 cases of  cancer each year are caused by this virus. Sadly, many of these  infections and cancer diagnoses can be prevented by the HPV vaccine.   H.R. 1550 would carry out a national campaign to increase awareness  for healthcare providers and patients regarding these cancers.  Additionally, the campaign will highlight the benefits associated with  HPV vaccines in preventing HPV and HPV-related cancers.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Issa).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 550, the Immunization  Infrastructure Modernization Act, a bill introduced by my Energy and  Commerce Committee colleagues, Ms. Kuster and Mr. Bucshon.   Immunization information systems, or IIS, are important tools in  providing immunization care for patients by allowing providers to view  a patient's comprehensive immunization history to determine the  appropriate vaccinations throughout their life.   The Immunization Infrastructure Modernization Act authorizes the  Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct activities to improve  immunization information systems. These activities include designating  data and technology standards, developing public-private partnerships,  and awarding grants or cooperative agreements to health departments to  enhance their systems.   Modernizing our immunization infrastructure will give us a better  understanding of our current vaccination efforts and will also help us  determine which communities may need additional vaccination outreach-- better targeting our efforts to improve health outcomes across the  country.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Bucshon).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2355, the Opioid  Prescription Verification Act, a bill led by Representative Rodney  Davis along with Representatives Bilirakis and Wagner.   The opioid epidemic continues to devastate communities across the  country. According to the CDC's National Center for Health Statistics,  there were over 100,000 drug overdose deaths in the United States from  April 2020 to April 2021. That is a 28.5 percent increase from the  previous year.   The Opioid Prescription Verification Act directs Federal agencies to  develop, disseminate, and periodically update training materials to  help pharmacists identify and report potential cases of bad actors who  attempt to buy and sell controlled substances for illicit use.   The bill also incentivizes States to utilize prescription drug  monitoring programs and requires certain controlled substances to be  prescribed electronically. Additionally, this bill includes data entry  requirements that help reduce the potential diversion of prescription  drugs.   This bill will help stop criminals who perpetuate the vicious cycle  of addiction. It is a crucial step toward ending the opioid epidemic  and making our communities safer. I urge my colleagues to support this  legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Bilirakis), my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Rodney Davis).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time as I  am prepared to close.   Mr. Speaker, our beloved home State has areas that have been really  affected by the opioid epidemic. We also know that our colleagues back  home who serve in our general assembly have spent an enormous amount of  time trying to get verification through prescription programs and other  programs moving forward.   There is so much to do and so much we need to do through treatment  and through other methods, but this is an important tool that will help  our pharmacists realize when people are going around trying to get  different prescriptions.   I strongly support this bill and thank my friends for working on  this: Representatives Davis, Bilirakis, and Wagner. I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2364, the Synthetic  Opioid Danger Awareness Act. Synthetic opioids, including fentanyl and  fentanyl-related substances, have been the primary drivers of the rise  in overdose deaths that we have seen over the past year and beyond.  [[Page H6694]]    H.R. 2364 requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to  implement a public education campaign related to synthetic opioids.  Additionally, the Secretary is required to publish a training guidance  and webinar for first responders and other individuals to better  understand synthetic opioid exposure prevention. This campaign will  promote awareness around the dangers of synthetic opioids and provide  information about available services to address synthetic opioid abuse.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3743, Supporting the  Foundation for the National Institutes of  [[Page H6695]]  Health and the Reagan-Udall Foundation for the Food and Drug  Administration Act, led by my Energy and Commerce Committee colleagues,  Representative Hudson and Representative Eshoo.   Empowering biomedical innovation in the United States is critical to  protecting our global competitiveness. We saw how important it was to  invest in creating new treatments during the COVID-19 pandemic, and we  need to carry that momentum into the future.   H.R. 3743 authorizes increased transfer authorities from the FDA and  the NIH to both the Reagan-Udall Foundation and the Foundation for the  NIH, respectively.   Allowing FDA and NIH to provide increased funding to these public- private partnerships will give the Reagan-Udall Foundation and the  Foundation for the NIH more flexibility to meet the growing research  demands and to ultimately accelerate future medical innovations.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to  the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Hudson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3894, the CARING for  Social Determinants Act of 2021, a bill led by  [[Page H6696]]  Representatives Blunt Rochester and Bilirakis.   Research shows that socioeconomic conditions, such as job loss, lack  of transportation, inadequate housing, among others, can contribute to  poor health outcomes.   The Trump administration took a key step at the beginning of this  year by releasing guidance to States on how to better utilize Medicaid  to support social determinants of health. It provided real-world  examples that States are taking to improve outcomes for beneficiaries.   For example, Medicaid managed care plans in my home State of Kentucky  are leading the way by using care coordinators to connect vulnerable  beneficiaries to social support services like food pantries and daycare  services.   The CARING for Social Determinants Act would require HHS to update  this guidance every 3 years in order to drive future innovation in  State Medicaid programs.   I am proud of the important steps this bill takes to improve health  outcomes for some of our most vulnerable populations.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4026, the Social  Determinants of Health Data Analysis Act of 2021, led by the gentleman  from Texas (Mr. Burgess) and the gentlewoman from Delaware (Ms. Blunt  Rochester), my Energy and Commerce Committee colleagues.   Social determinants of health impact the quality of an individual's  life and  [[Page H6697]]  can drive health outcomes. These determinants are not routinely  collected or utilized by healthcare providers to help address patients'  health conditions and improve their quality of life.   The Social Determinants of Health Data Analysis Act requires the GAO  to submit a report to Congress on existing actions taken by the  Department of Health and Human Services to address social determinants  of health. This legislation would, therefore, allow us to better  understand existing Federal initiatives to address social determinants  of health.   It will also inform us of potential future interventions that would  be most effective in fully addressing these needs in our communities.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   