 Madam President, reserving the right to object, this  measure, essentially, is a pretextual, ideological, and extreme step  that really detracts from what should be our primary purpose at this  moment in our history.   Literally, we are fast approaching 450,000 deaths in this country,  and people continue to die at the rate of more than 3,000 per day. Our  economic progress continues to be stalled. In fact, it is declining,  with joblessness increasing across Connecticut and the country. People  are struggling to stay in their homes, put food on their tables, and  pay for the medicine they need. Our goal should be making sure people  have vaccines and the economic support that they need. Instead, we are  here on a measure that would, essentially, take away rights, burden  rights, for people--women--who need that right.   We ought to be focusing our energy and attention on winning our fight  against this pandemic, but, instead, we are here, debating a pretextual  and ideological bill, another anti-choice bill--yet another attempt to  restrict a woman's right to choose about when and whether to have a  child. This bill purports to be about protecting individuals with Down  syndrome, but it is merely a pretext for requiring healthcare providers  to scrutinize women for their decisions to seek an abortion. The  pretext is to take away those individual rights.   As a matter of fact, this bill has nothing to do with protecting  people with Down syndrome, and it has nothing to do with addressing  discrimination. If my colleague would like to genuinely help people  with Down syndrome, he would ask for unanimous consent on legislation  that the disability community actually has supported. The National Down  Syndrome Society wants increased funding for medical research at the  National Institutes of Health. It wants better educational  opportunities and settings for people with Down syndrome. It wants laws  and policies that ensure economic self-sufficiency and better  workplaces and a fight against discrimination.   Those are the legislative priorities of this disability community,  but what this bill actually does is it essentially requires healthcare  providers to interrogate women about their decisions to seek an  abortion. Healthcare providers who might violate this bill, if it ever  became law, would incur fines, imprisonment, or both.   In conclusion, people have a right to make these kinds of deeply  personal decisions. Those rights are protected under our Constitution.  We should be protecting people with Down syndrome, and we should be  expanding their opportunities and fighting discrimination, not using  them as a pretext for restricting and burdening a woman's right to  choose.   Therefore, I object.  [[Page S305]]     Mr. President, I am really pleased to follow my  colleague Senator Murphy after that very articulate case and to build  on the case for keeping our promises to America. The Presiding Officer  knows that promises made must be kept, including another $1,400 in  stimulus payments to every individual, bringing that total to $2,000,  which is what we promised; to make sure that vaccines are available  broadly across this country and that schools become places of learning  again, in person for students and teachers in a safe learning  environment.   What we are doing in this package, which is big and bold--and it has  to be--is to put money in people's pockets, put vaccinations in  people's arms, and put children back in schools safely. And I emphasize  ``safely.''   Now, I was very excited over this past week or 10 days to travel  throughout the State of Connecticut and visit clinics where  vaccinations are being  [[Page S310]]  provided to thousands of people in Connecticut, raising our rate to one  of the highest in the country--about 10.3 percent.   I saw nurses and doctors at Danbury Hospital, led by John Murphy,  making promises real for people.   I visited Rentschler Field, a former runway turned into a vaccination  site for people receiving those shots in their arms from the Community  Health Center, headed by Mark Masselli.   I saw vaccinations at Griffin Hospital, a wonderful team headed by  Pat Charmel. But here is the story at Griffin Hospital. Last week they  did 6,000 doses. This week it will be 2,000, not because of any lack of  skilled vaccination person power, not because of any lack of  determination--because of lack of vaccine.   Shortages in Connecticut and around the country are impeding and  setting back our effort. They are lengthening the tunnel. There is  light at the end of the tunnel, but it is longer as we delay the  vaccine that is necessary to do the job.   There is not enough. It is not reaching the people who need it in  enough supply, and it is not being delivered equitably. The numbers in  Connecticut show that people in communities of color are nowhere near  as likely to receive that vaccine--in fact, perhaps three times less  likely.   We need to make sure that delivery is fair and effective in this  country, or we will never conquer this pandemic and put America back to  work. Using the national Defense Production Act is absolutely  necessary, but so is the commitment of $160 billion in this big and  bold relief program.   It has to be big and bold. It also has to be done now. Time is not on  our side. I have no tolerance for delay or dithering. I have no  patience for cuts in this package; $1.9 trillion ought to be our floor,  not our ceiling. And if there is a need for targeting those stimulus  payments, the money ought to be reallocated to vaccines and to creating  safer environments to work and to learn.   Vaccines are important to our schools. Teachers are essential  workers. They are on the frontlines. They are putting their lives at  risk. They have been demonstrating the courage and conviction to come  to school, but they should receive this vaccine.   A safe learning environment means also personal protective equipment,  barriers such as we are seeing in restaurants and other public places-- plexiglass and other kinds of dividers. These kinds of essential  equipment are the reason that we are advocating $130 billion for our  schools.   There are many other steps that must be taken to ensure not only that  our learning environments are safe but also that students have the  connectivity they need remotely because for some period of time, that  will be the way they learn.   More than a third of communities of color in the State of  Connecticut, which is thought to be a very sophisticated and advanced  State, still lack that connectivity--a third of our seniors. Safe and  fair learning environments mean broadband, and that is also another  reason for that $130 billion in this package.   Many of these students face serious gaps--1 to 3 months and even  longer for some students who have lacked that connectivity--up to 6  months in basic skills: reading, writing, and arithmetic. These kinds  of gaps have to be filled.   We need a major effort to focus on our students who have been left  behind, and that is why this kind of package is a moral imperative. It  is a social obligation. We will lose talents and skills, but students  will also lose their future.   We should come together on a bipartisan basis. There is nothing wrong  with cooperation, and I hope that my colleagues across the aisle will  join with us as we move forward, but we will move forward. We cannot  repeat the mistakes of the past when efforts to wait meant  unconscionable delay. We have no such luxury in this humanitarian  crisis. We must move forward, and we will.   I yield the floor to my colleague from Nevada.   