 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to seek  unanimous consent to proceed to the consideration of two very qualified  nominees to USAID. They are the kind of nominees who, in previous  Congresses, would have been approved, without debate, through voice  vote. I will make the motion, expecting, unfortunately, an objection.  Then I will proceed to comments on why I think this is incredibly  damaging to the United States to not proceed forward with these  nominees.   Thus, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate consider  the following nominations: Calendar No. 323 and Calendar No. 337; that  the nominations be confirmed; that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate; that no further motions be in order on the nominations; that  any related statements be printed in the Record; and that the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, I would just ask unanimous consent for two  incredibly qualified, noncontroversial Administrators at USAID.   Isobel Coleman is the nominee to be the USAID Deputy Administrator.  She is a seasoned foreign policy professional who has been nominated by  the President to oversee and provide strategic leadership over the  Agency's programs. She has been previously confirmed by this body by  unanimous consent. There are, as far as I can tell, no objections to  her candidacy based upon the merits of it; and there were no objections  to her candidacy to serve as our Ambassador to the U.N. for Management  and Reform in December of 2014. She is a former Ambassador, and she has  spent 20 years in the study and practice of global development. She has  worked in the public and the private sectors.   I ask unanimous consent to proceed to the nomination of Marcela  Escobari, the nominee for USAID Assistant Administrator for Latin  America and the Caribbean. Ms. Escobari is a regional expert on Latin  America and the Caribbean. She has previously served in the exact same  role at the Agency, and she has done really incredible work reinforcing  U.S. support work for Peace Colombia. She has been heavily engaged in  the long-term development plan for Haiti, as well as in Congress's  plans to double funding for Central America to try to stem the root  causes of migration.   I think it is incredibly concerning that this blockade of capable  diplomats, professional diplomats, continues on the Senate floor. By  this time in the Trump administration, President Trump had had 22  Ambassadors who had been confirmed by the U.S. Senate, 17 of them by  voice vote. Thus far, President Biden has had 4 Ambassadors confirmed.   Today, I was asking for consideration not of Ambassadors but of  professionals who oversee the expenditure of U.S. taxpayer dollars  abroad. There is nothing that Senate Republicans can do to stop the  expenditure of taxpayer dollars in the Caribbean or Latin America. What  they are preventing is the appointment and seating of individuals who  oversee that funding, who represent us abroad.   This blockade--this unprecedented blockade--has never happened before  in the history of the Senate. This kind of obstruction of standing in  the way of the President's diplomatic team being seated compromises our  national security. It makes us weaker as a nation.   As the President heads to the G20, he doesn't have Ambassadors seated  to  [[Page S7396]]  most of the countries with which he is going to be conducting  diplomatic negotiations and relations. USAID, today, only has two  Senate-confirmed positions, leaving most of its top leadership  positions vacant.   So forgive my sense of outrage when I listen to the minority leader  come down to the Senate floor and chide the Biden administration for  not having a strong enough policy in the Middle East when his minority  is using its power to block Ambassadors to the Middle East and is using  its power to stop an Assistant Secretary to the Middle East from being  seated.   You can't have it both ways. You can't come down to the Senate floor  and eviscerate the President's foreign policy and then deliberately  stop him from having the personnel to conduct that foreign policy. It  is like tying your buddy's hands behind his back and then criticizing  him for not fighting back against a bully.   USAID is at the center of our COVID response. There is no way to  protect this Nation from this pandemic or future pandemics if we don't  have individuals who are confirmed at the top echelons of USAID.   I understand Senator Marshall's objection to be over questions he has  about gain-of-function research that may or may not have been conducted  in Wuhan.   What does Marcela Escobari--the nominee to be the USAID Assistant  Administrator for Latin America and the Caribbean--have to do with  gain-of-function research in China?   First of all, I can show you fact check after fact check that  suggests these allegations about gain-of-function research being funded  in China are false, but even if the Senator thinks there is a  legitimate question, what does that have to do with our ability to  efficiently spend taxpayer dollars in Latin America and the Caribbean?    We just had two massive national disasters happen in Haiti. USAID is  managing that response. It is spending taxpayer dollars right now.   Why wouldn't we want to have somebody overseeing that spending? Why  is that a responsible exercise of U.S. taxpayer dollars to deny our  taxpayers the ability to know that there is someone, confirmed by the  Senate, overseeing the expenditure of their money in places like Haiti?   How do you complain about the border and then deny the President the  personnel necessary to oversee migration from the Northern Triangle  northward to the U.S. border?   One of the nominees we snuck through was the Assistant Secretary for  the Western Hemisphere, but USAID, right now, is engaged in programming  designed to stabilize the economic and security environment in the  Northern Triangle. I think both parties agree that this is a key  component of our strategy to prevent migration that ends in crises at  the border.   Once again, the Republicans are denying the President the ability to  have personnel in place that will address the border crisis. Once  again, the minority is denying the President the ability to have people  in place who could oversee our COVID response. Once again, the minority  is denying the President the ability to have people in place who will  oversee our strategy in the Middle East.   This is an attempt to decapitate American diplomacy. This is an  attempt to stop the President from being able to conduct the business  of the executive branch. Never before has this happened. Never before  has the minority used this amount of its power to slow down the  confirmation of Ambassadors.   Yes, we can spend floor time on every single one of these Assistant  Administrators, but we have never done that before. When it comes to  somebody like Marcela Escobari or Isobel Coleman--people who are  nonpolitical, who are unquestionably qualified to do these jobs--we  have approved those kinds of nominations through unanimous consent.  They have proceeded by voice vote because to require hours of debate on  every single one of these nominees would be to gum up the works of the  U.S. Senate.   That is why we have had this informal agreement over the years. It is  in order to move these kinds of noncontroversial, nonpolitical nominees  expeditiously. That agreement, obviously, has fallen apart, and the  cost not only comes to the reputation and the comity of the U.S. Senate  but to the security of the Nation.   You cannot complain about this President's foreign policy, as  Republicans, if you are, at the same time, using extraordinary powers  to deny the President the ability to have diplomats abroad to represent  us. It is making us weaker as a nation, and it should stop immediately.   I am very sorry that the Senator from Kansas has come to the floor to  object to two incredibly qualified, noncontroversial nominees to USAID.  I hope this blockade comes to an end soon.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   