 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in support of the Eliminate Barriers to  Innovation Act. It has been 12 years since the cryptocurrency bitcoin  was first introduced. Since then, digital assets have proliferated  around the world. By one estimate, there are more than 4,000  cryptocurrencies and other digital tokens in use today.   While we haven't yet encountered a large-scale crisis, the lack of  clarity in cryptocurrency regulation has become a real barrier in  developing a framework to optimize the potential benefits of this  technology.   U.S. financial regulations historically have been developed in  response to financial disasters. We had the creation of the FDIC, which  followed over 1,000 bank failures during the Depression. Similarly, the  development of the CFPB occurred after the 2008 financial crisis.   This bill, H.R. 1602, is an opportunity for Congress and our  regulators to act proactively toward financial innovation rather than  to address gaps in our regulatory framework after the fact. Digital  assets have the potential to make transactions more efficient, improve  the raising of capital for small businesses, and increase inclusion  across our financial system. However, the rapid rise of this technology  has  [[Page H1926]]  created some concerns and questions about consumer protection and about  how to ensure that we gain the benefits of this innovation while  mitigating potential risks.   This bill, H.R. 1602, will create critical collaboration between the  SEC, the CFTC, and Congress on the topic of digital assets. It will  bring our regulators, small businesses, fintech companies, and investor  protection groups to the same table to discuss cybersecurity investor  protections and the creation of inclusive and transparent markets. In  short, our hope is that this bill will help get the regulatory  framework of digital assets right before a crisis occurs.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member, Mr. McHenry, for working on  this bill and also Chairwoman Waters for her support.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   