 Mr. President, I come to talk about the process that we  are in here; first of all, the process that brings us the legislation  that is before us.   Now, I respect my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have come  together to draft the legislation that we have been debating on and  off, voting even less, but that process shortchanges, I think, the  Senate and the American people.   It is a process that our colleagues--well-intentioned and working  incredibly hard but had no geographic diversity, had no ethnic  diversity, had no racial diversity, and that is consequential. It is  consequential in the legislation that we are dealing before us. For  example, this legislation does very well in taking care of dealing with  abandoned mines, but it doesn't do all that well with dealing with  Superfund sites--the sites that most Americans who happen to be from  disadvantaged communities ultimately reside along.   This legislation does much to help with the challenges of wildfires  in our country, which I support, but doesn't do very much for the  questions of flooding--flooding that takes place along the Mississippi,  flooding that takes place in Louisiana, flooding that takes place in my  home State of New Jersey and along the Atlantic coast.   So that lack of diversity is not only consequential in terms of the  legislation--geographic, ethnic, and racial--it is also consequential  to disadvantaged communities.   For too long, our infrastructure and transportation system have often  been used to divide communities, split communities, where a highway  goes through it and ultimately divides the community into the ``right  side of the track'' and ``wrong side of the track.'' This was an  opportunity to actually change that dynamic. This was an opportunity to  create equity in our infrastructure system, to make sure that those  divided communities no longer were divided and that all of them had a  highway to opportunity, to make sure that transit access to minority  communities struggling for employment could be realized. Even though,  you know, there is a transit provision, it is $9 billion less than what  we were originally told, but other elements are much, much higher.   Those provisions not only have a consequence to the communities for  which transit mobility is a critical element in order for employment,  it often deals with minority communities that find themselves  disadvantaged in terms of mobility for minority communities to  opportunities for employment.   Look at the pay-fors. The pay-fors, it is pretty remarkable, one of  them particularly ends a rebate that is supposed to ultimately end up  for consumers at the prescription drug counter. I often hear from  people across the spectrum that we need to ultimately ensure that the  cost of prescription drugs are lowered, but then here we have a pay-for  that has absolutely nothing to do with lowering the cost of  prescription drugs.   Then I hear that, ``well, we are waiting for amendments.'' Well, I  have bipartisan amendments, amendments on flooding, amendments on our  national ferry system that many parts of our Nation depend upon,  amendments about eligibility for bus terminals; and they are  bipartisan, but the gatekeepers are keeping us away.   Here we are. It is 5:30 in the evening. We have yet to vote on one  single amendment. We have yet to vote on anything today. So this cannot  be the process by which the world's most deliberative body operates  under.   And I just want to serve notice that, as it relates to this Senator,  this Senator has no intention of supporting legislation that comes  through this process again and that ultimately does not have that  diversity of geography, of ethnicity, of race. It doesn't have a  committee process which provides for that diversity to be represented  and those points of view. I may not win, but I would like to have my  point of view and those of the communities I represent have a shot.  After all, that is what the American dream is all about, having a shot  at it.   So 5:30, no votes. This is a fantastic process, but one that I can  serve notice on, I have no intention of supporting in the future.   I yield the floor.   