 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order.    Mr. Speaker, during my time this evening, my colleagues  and I will be shedding light on the Democrats' illegal attempt to  include mass amnesty in their multi-trillion-dollar spending package,  their so-called Build Back Better bill.   Frankly, this entire bill is a disaster. It will permanently cause  labor shortages, crush small businesses, raise taxes, lower wages, and  expand the very worst parts of our government.   As one of the chairs of the House Border Security Caucus, a Texan,  and simply as an American, I am stunned that in the middle of the worst  border security crisis we have ever faced, Senate Democrats are using  the reconciliation process to try and grant mass amnesty to millions  and millions of illegal aliens.   We are up against more crises than any American has ever seen, too  many to even keep track of anymore. But, folks, this is the worst one  of all. Our open borders and the President's dereliction of duty to  secure our southern border will unquestionably affect every single  American in this country, every single State, for generations to come.  Let that sink in.   My friends, this isn't a talking point. It is a fact. History has  shown us that amnesty erodes the integrity of our immigration system,  and it breeds contempt for the law on all sides. We are seeing this  happening and unfolding before our eyes in living color.   If we look back to 1986, which was the last time mass amnesty was  granted, we have a clear view of what will happen if Biden and the  Democrats push this plan through. Millions of jobs will be put at risk.  We will see massive waves of new illegal immigration. It is happening  as we speak. Our enemies will use this avenue to enter the United  States and embed themselves into our society.   Listen closely: Our society, our country, our neighbors, us--America  is at stake.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr.  McClintock).    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. McClintock.   That is so, so true. Arrests by Border Patrol are at the highest  levels since 1986. Ask yourself, what happened in 1986, folks? Mass  amnesty. This isn't coincidental. This is cause and effect.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Perry).    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my good friend from Pennsylvania  and thank him so much.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Good).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr.  Posey).    Mr. Speaker, we are not against immigration. Most of us  are the children of immigrants. My own daughter-in-law is a naturalized  citizen. But we have to do it the right way, and that is exactly what  we are here to do.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Tiffany).    Mr. Speaker, House Democrats actually rejected the  Republican efforts to block amnesty for illegal aliens who are gang  members or have gun charges or are sex offenders, as Mr. Tiffany just  said, or who have multiple DUI offenses. That is lunacy. All you can  say is it is lunacy.   I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Keller).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia, Mr.  Buddy Carter.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for his  input.   I yield to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Hern).    Well said. Thank you very much, Mr. Hern. I appreciated  that.    I yield to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. Miller).    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. Miller. We really appreciate  that.   For those of you who don't know, one of the leaders of the 1993 World  Trade Center bombing was legalized through the 1986 amnesty by falsely  claiming that he was a seasonal worker. After receiving amnesty, he  traveled back and forth to Afghanistan and Pakistan to receive  terrorist training. There is no reason to believe that terrorists would  not once again take full advantage of amnesty to hurt us.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Bergman),  the highest ranking military officer to serve in the House of  Representatives.   MR. BERGMAN: Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas for yielding  and for leading tonight's Special Order.   How do you apply an adequate objective to the shocking, clueless  attempt to jam amnesty for eight million illegal immigrants into this  Democrat-owned, Democrat-grown, Democrat-processed multitrillion-dollar  reconciliation bill? Again, it is a complete sham.   I think it is clear to most Americans why illegal immigration is  illegal--it kind of sounds like I am repeating words here, but it is  still illegal--and why any nation and our Nation needs borders.   People aren't trying to break out of the United States of America.  Let's be clear why we are the greatest country in the world. Because we  built it. Nobody else did.   The Democrats running our country today, however, are defying logic  and the rule of law.   They are hosting an open border policy on the front end while  simultaneously proposing a mass legalization policy on the back end.   The amnesty policy before us is the opposite of a solution.   We need real solutions, like when we had a wall being built and  border security policies that worked.   I am here tonight because we need to stop this illegal activity on  the southern border and make sure it is not rewarded by this shameful  sham bill.    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate what the gentleman said.   While the exact number of the millions of illegal aliens potentially  eligible for amnesty is very fluid, data shows that historically each  immigrant to the United States sponsors an average of 3.45 additional  family members for green cards. So theoretically, if the estimated 13  million illegal aliens currently here in the United States were given  lawful status and sponsored green cards for three or four family  members, 43 million--let me repeat that, 43 million--new immigrants  would be coming in. This is astounding data.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Grothman).    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, (Mr. Grothman). So  true.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. McClain),  my colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, (Mrs. McClain). I  really appreciate it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Donalds), my  friend.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman (Mr. Donalds). I  appreciate that very much.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr.  Fitzgerald), my friend.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Fitzgerald. I appreciate that.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Van Drew),  my friend and colleague, and a dentist as well.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Dr. Van Drew. I appreciate it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Biggs), my  friend, and also fellow cochair of the House Border Security Caucus.    I thank my good friend from Arizona. Mr. Speaker, how much  time do I have left?    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friends for bringing attention to  this unbelievably important issue. Every one of us, as well as my  colleagues who couldn't be here tonight, could talk about this crisis  for days. Since our time is limited, I want to close with this.   Our very existence as a democratic republic, as a nation, hangs in  the balance. The overwhelming majority of Americans reject the idea of  mass amnesty. The border crisis, including the abuse, assault, drug  trafficking, abduction, danger, murder, fraud, and death that comes  along with it will only get worse.   We cannot afford to risk the lives of migrants or Americans by  granting a mass amnesty. We will continue to fight against this for as  long as we need to.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   