 Madam President, I love Senator Durbin. I hate his  amendment. Here is why. These SDRs are not free money. They are not  free money. They are like a cryptocoin. The IMF issues the cryptocoin  to all the countries that are members of the IMF, and these countries  take that cryptocoin, and guess what they do. They come to the United  States of America and say: We want to exchange our cryptocoin for  dollars. And guess what. We don't have the dollars because we are dead  broke. So we have to borrow the dollars to give to the Chinas and the  Venezuelas and all the countries that hate us in exchange for their  cryptocoins.   Now, that is just a natural fact, and if you check the record, you  will find that as to the countries that really need the money to  vaccinate their people, about 10 percent of this money is  [[Page S3479]]  going to them. The rest is going to all the larger countries, like  China, like Venezuela, like the countries in Europe. Virtually no money  gets sent to the people who need it. This is an incredibly inefficient  way to do it.    Madam President, the International Monetary Fund issues  special drawing rights. A special drawing right is like a cryptocoin-- it is not worth anything. It is only worth something if you exchange it  for real money. The Biden administration decided to encourage the IMF  to issue all of these cryptocoins, and guess what they are all doing?  They are bringing the cryptocoins to the United States of America and  are saying: We want dollars. Give me dollars for the cryptocoin.   Yet we don't have any dollars in our checking account, so we have to  borrow the money. There is no free lunch, and you don't get one now.   All my bill would do would be to say that we are not going to issue  special drawing rights to perpetrators of genocide or state sponsors of  terrorism--in other words, no free money to China, no free money to  Syria, and no free money to Iran. It is ludicrous for us to be  borrowing money to give dollars to exchange for cryptocoins to China or  Syria or Iran.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Madam President, I want to just spend a few minutes  today saying goodbye to a friend. Louisiana weeps right now. Gov.  Charles E. Roemer III passed away last week. He went by ``Buddy.'' He  served our State from 1988 to 1992. Before that, he served a number of  terms in Congress.   I guess I am biased because Buddy brought me to the dance, if you  will. I was sitting in my office in New Orleans practicing law, earning  a good living, you know, thinking about happy hour on a Friday  afternoon, and Governor Roemer had just been elected and he asked me to  come up to Baton Rouge and work as his legal counsel. And I did, and I  stayed for 4 years. And I liked government service, and I have been in  it, off and on, since then.   Buddy was one of the--Buddy was an extremely--I say ``was.'' I am  going to say ``is'' because he lives with us. But he was one of the  most and is one of the most complex, interesting people I have ever  met. He was immeasurably talented. He was raised on a cotton farm, but  it wasn't really a farm because his parents and his family, they were  all so accomplished.   They put together a cotton farm with their own sweat and blood and  some free enterprise capital of about 10,000 acres in North Louisiana.  It is a big farm in Louisiana. But the kids all worked, including  Buddy.   They didn't have a television. Mr. Budgie, his dad, and Ms. Adeline,  his  [[Page S3480]]  mom, would require the kids, in their free time, to read books. And,  boy, it stuck with Buddy. I never saw him without a book. I would ride  with him to go to a speech. He would have a book in the car, and he  would read it driving over there.   He went to Harvard when he was 16. He would have gone sooner. Harvard  offered him a position, but his mom and dad said: You are too young.  You have got to stick around.   And he stayed at Harvard for graduate school.   Buddy was--how can I put this?--one of the first real intellectual  Governors that we ever had in Louisiana. I am not putting down our  other Governors, now--I am not--because all of our Governors have been  intelligent, just like in the Presiding Officer's State. You don't rise  to that position without being intelligent. But Buddy truly believed in  the power of ideas, and he truly believed in the worth of education.   I have used his words often. He used to say: Kennedy, the future in  Louisiana is education. It is not the price of oil. It is not the  unemployment rate. It is not who the Governor is. It is education.   And he would say that time and again.   During his 4 years--when he became Governor, we had a $7 billion  budget. We had a $1 billion deficit. That is what he was left with.  Roemer balanced the budget. It wasn't easy, but he did. And then he  implemented fiscal reforms that dramatically and totally changed our  way of budgeting in Louisiana for generations to come, because of  Buddy's efforts.   He announced in Louisiana--and this was heresy at the time: I am  going to find out which of our teachers can teach, and, by God, I am  going to pay them.   And he said: But I am also going to find out which of our teachers  can't teach, and I am going to either teach them how or tell them to  find a new line of work.   Boy, was that ever revolutionary. And he did it.   He totally rewrote our campaign finance laws. When Buddy became  Governor, there was no reporting of campaign money. If you were running  for office, somebody could bring you a suitcase full of cash-- $200,000--and it was perfectly legal. You didn't have to report it. And  if you got the money on a Thursday, if you decided on a Friday you  weren't going to run and you withdrew from the race, you could keep it.  You could keep it.   Buddy completely rewrote all of that. Now you have to report every  penny in, every penny out. There is a cap on contributions. No cash.  And we enforce it. It changed our politics dramatically.   I will tell you one quick story that epitomizes the Buddy I knew.   There was a central piece of his education program. I won't bore you  with the details. It had to do with higher education. It was key to our  future, and we really needed to pass it.   I was handling it, lobbying it for the Governor, and we needed one  more vote in the senate--one more vote to pass this landmark bill. And  this one Senator said: Kennedy, I will vote for it if you will have the  Governor give me this project.   So I was all excited. I went back to see the Governor. I said:  Governor, I think I got it put together.   It was a road project.   He said: Call him over to our department of transportation and see  what they think.   And the folks at the department of transportation said: Yes, we can  do it, but if we do it, we will all go to jail.   So I said: Oh, man.   So I go back, and I tell Governor Roemer. I was young, but I was  passionate, and I said: Governor, we can't do it.   He said: I agree. We are not going to do that.   I said: But listen. This is so important. This particular Senator  lies to us all the time. Let me just lie to him. Let me just go to him  and tell him we will do it. We will get his vote, and then I will go  back to him later and say we changed our mind.   The end does justify the means. I will never forget it.   Buddy says: No, we are not doing that.   And I argued with him, but he finally just said: Look, Kennedy, I  made my decision. We are not doing it that way.   I am going to really miss Buddy. He wasn't a perfect guy. I told him  one time--I said: Governor, if I were back in law practice in the  private sector and you came to me as a private client, I would  represent you, but I would quadruple my hourly rate.   He was so smart, but he could be very opinionated. Tip O'Neill gave  Buddy sort of his slogan phrase. Tip O'Neill described then-Congressman  Roemer one time. He said: Congressman Roemer--often wrong, never in  doubt.   But I am going to really miss Buddy. All he ever wanted to do was  change Louisiana, and he did. He wasn't reelected, but he did.   But Buddy always understood. This was his barometer of success. He  used to tell me and say: Kennedy, here is how you know when you are  doing a good job: if you are making the right people mad.   He used to say: If nobody is mad at you and if the wrong people like  what you are doing, you are not doing your job.   So he did make people mad, and it cost him his reelection. But he  changed Louisiana, and Louisiana weeps. And when I count my blessings,  I count Buddy Roemer twice.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   