 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here on the floor today to talk  about the way forward for this new Congress and the new Biden  administration.   Specifically, this afternoon, we are talking about the budget  resolution that the Democratic side has proposed. There was a vote  today to begin to proceed on that. My understanding is that by the end  of this week, we will have a number of amendments about the budget, and  this all goes toward a process called reconciliation. If the two  budgets are agreed upon, that would enable us--with 50 votes rather  than the normal 60 votes--to take on a really important issue, which is  the issue of how we should address the COVID-19 pandemic.   But, to me, this is an even bigger question. It is a question about  how we are going to proceed, as a Congress, working with this new  administration. If you recall, the Senate is now a 50-50 split. That is  as closely divided as you can possibly be. There are 50 Senators on  this side and 50 Senators on that side. The House is more closely  divided than it has been in years. And, significantly, the American  people are more divided than they have been in years.   I think the American people, as a general matter--not everybody, but  I think the American people are looking for us to deal with these  divisions here in the country by working together to try to get  something done, by working together to help heal the wounds that are  out there.   As for me, one Senator, I am very interested in helping President  Biden make good on the pledge that he made on the steps of the Capitol.  On the west steps, just that way in the U.S. Capitol, on Inauguration  Day, January 20, the President said that he wanted to bring our country  together. He wanted to help heal those wounds. He wanted us to work  across the aisle. He wanted to go back to an era here where we actually  sat down, debated things, worked them out together, and, therefore,  helped bring our country together.   I hope, with regard to the COVID-19 discussions, that Republicans and  Democrats will agree to keep working on charting the Federal response  to the ongoing healthcare and economic crisis in a bipartisan way. It  is the one area where we have done it.   Yet when you think of all the division in all of the times when we  haven't been able to find agreement on things around here, one place we  have been able to find agreement has been with regard to COVID-19.  Specifically, we have passed five different bills--five bills--with big  majorities, bipartisan majorities. One was actually by unanimous  consent.   The most recent one was just 5 weeks ago or less, at the end of the  year, when Congress passed a $900 billion COVID-relief package in an  entirely bipartisan way. And $900 billion, by the way, makes that the  second most expensive legislative package that Congress has ever  passed--$900 billion. The first one was the CARES Act, which also  related to the coronavirus pandemic that we are in. Over $4 trillion-- that is trillion with a ``t''--has been spent on this, larger than our  typical annual budget for everything in government. And do you know  what? It is a crisis, and we needed to step up to the plate.   But now, while the ink is still drying on the bill that we passed at  the end of the year, the Biden administration has proposed another $1.9  trillion to deal with the coronavirus pandemic.   My own view is that, again, this is an area where we have been able  to come together. Let's do it again.   Is there more need out there? Well, when Congress passed the $900  billion legislation, we all said: This is a bridge to get us to between  now and when the vaccines are readily available, which  [[Page S237]]  we all hope happens sooner rather than later.   But there may be some things we need to do in the interim--I think  there are--and maybe some things after the March, April time period  that we hadn't thought about for the vaccine availability. The vaccines  are moving out more slowly than expected.   So I, for one, am willing to sit down wit Republicans and Democrats  alike, as we have done, again, five different times, to work on how we  can come together to provide that bridge to a better time when the  economy will improve because the COVID-19 issue will have been  addressed.    My concern is that, again, today, we started down a track, by  starting on the budget, to end up with budget reconciliation, which  would mean a 50-vote rather than a 60-vote margin because the other  side of the aisle--Democrats--think it would be better not to try to  work out something on a bipartisan basis but to simply use their  majority to get something through here that they would like to do that  is consistent with where President Biden's $1.9 trillion package is.   We will see. Maybe they could be successful at that, maybe not,  because it would require every Member on that side of the aisle to  agree with the $1.9 trillion package, which is a comprehensive,  complicated package, which includes a number of things addressed to  COVID-19 but another number of things that are unrelated to COVID-19,  some of which are popular on the other side of the aisle in particular,  like changes in tax law that have nothing to do with COVID-19, changes  to the Federal minimum wage that have nothing to do with COVID-19. But  we will see.   But even if they could pass it by the barest majority, given that it  is a 50-50 Senate, it is not the right way to go for our country. I  don't think anybody truly believes it is the best thing for our  country.   Again, if we can't come together as Republicans and Democrats, as we  have proven that we can time and again over the last year, what can we  come together on? And wouldn't that poison the well? Wouldn't it make  it harder for us, then, to find that common ground on things like  infrastructure investments, on things like retirement security? I think  it is going to be harder if we start off on the wrong foot, if we start  off in a purely partisan way.   I was part of the group of five Democrats and five Republicans who  sat down--we call ourselves the 908 Coalition because we put together a  bipartisan framework, actual legislation, on COVID-19. This was over  the last few months before Christmas. Then, at the end of the year,  Congress passed the $900 billion bill. Our framework provided a basis  for that. It wasn't exactly the same, but it provided a basis for that.   Frankly, because Republicans and Democrats alike--five and five--were  able to agree, it helped get our leadership more focused on how to find  a bipartisan result, as we had done previously, because things weren't  going very well. They weren't talking to each other. They weren't  making the progress that we had hoped. That group has shown that we  can, indeed, come together and make tough choices. Not one thing in  that legislative effort was not bipartisan.   By the way, there were five of us on the Republican side, five on the  Democratic side. None of us agreed with all of it. It was a matter of  compromise--a word that maybe isn't too popular anymore, but that is  how you get things done around here. You have to figure out: What is  that common ground? What is the way in which you can make progress  without having everything your way?   We have shown we can do it. The 908 Coalition is ready to go again.   I will say that what we were able to do with that coalition was to  help move the process forward in a bipartisan way. And, in the end, we  got $69 billion in funding for vaccine development and distribution,  $82 billion to support our students in school, $325 billion to restart  the highly successful small business program called the Paycheck  Protection Program.   At unprecedented deficit times, where we want to be sure every dollar  is wisely spent, that $900 billion was about one-seventh of the size of  the Democratic proposal that was originally out there and was supported  by a lot of Democrats here in the Senate--not one Republican, by the  way. That was a $3.5 trillion bill called the Heroes Act. We ended up  doing something that was smaller but more targeted and more effective  in dealing with the immediate problems with no extraneous provisions  that had nothing to do with COVID-19, which was the case of the Heroes  Act.   So we have done it time and time again--five different times. Let's  do it again.   If we are going to continue responding to this crisis in a smart way  that meets the needs of our constituents, it is going to require us  having that kind of a good-faith, bipartisan negotiation.   Again, in his inaugural address, President Biden said: ``This is our  historic moment of crisis and challenge, and unity is the path  forward.''   I don't think he meant just unity with one party or another. Clearly,  the context of that speech and his other comments were about outreach  to Republicans and Democrats alike to get back to an era where we  worked together.   Unfortunately, since that address, the President's team and his party  appear to have chosen a different path, introducing this new COVID-19  package I talked about without any input, any consultation with any  Republican or, for that matter, I think it is fair to say, any Democrat  in this Chamber. I may be wrong. But I know the Democrats who are on  the 908 Coalition were not consulted, period.   That is not the way forward. Why would we do that? Why wouldn't we,  once again, do what we have proven we can do, particularly following  what I thought was an excellent speech, talking about how we can work  together.   The $1.9 trillion package that was sent up does have extraneous  matters that have nothing to do with COVID-19, as the Heroes Act did. I  understand that these are popular proposals, particularly on the  Democratic side. We can debate those, and we can have a vote on those,  but let's do it outside of the COVID-19 context.   We should have a debate about minimum wage. We should have a debate  on changing the child tax credit, the earned-income tax credit, which  would not affect COVID-19 at all because no one believes that a year  from now that we are going to be in this position, which is when people  could take advantage of those tax credits. But they are in the  legislation, as an example.   There are provisions in there for clean energy. That is a good debate  for us to have but not in the context of this. There are provisions in  there for cyber security--$10 billion for improving our cyber security  in the Federal Government. The Presiding Officer and I actually like  that idea, to have cyber security funds and to set up a new way to push  back against these terrible cyber attacks that we have had,  particularly recently--a massive one. But that is not appropriate for  the COVID-19 bill. As much as I would like to have that debate, let's  do it separately. By the way, that can be bipartisan as well.   The $1.9 trillion proposal also has a new round of stimulus checks  that are written so that a family with three kids making $290,000 a  year can end up getting a check from the Federal Government, even if  they have had no negative impact from COVID-19. That seems, to us, to  be wrongheaded. And, I think, frankly, a lot of Democrats agree to  that, too, and believe it ought to be more targeted toward those who  need it the most.   The economic analysis in this is clear, which is that these higher  income individuals who have received earlier stimulus checks have ended  up not spending them, meaning they don't stimulate the economy, which  is the whole idea of the stimulus checks.   There is some recent data out by an economist named Chetty, who is  well respected, that says, of the $1,400 that the proposal that the  President has laid out going to these families--of that $1,400, if  someone makes over $78,000 a year, likely they only spend about $105 of  that money. The rest they will save, put in the stock market, do  something else with it but not spend.   So let's target it. We are not against stimulus checks, but we are  against sending stimulus checks to people who are wealthy, who don't  need it. That seems like not an effective use of taxpayer dollars at a  time of these unprecedented deficits and debts, with our  [[Page S238]]  debt being the highest it has been, as a percent of our economy, since  World War II.   We also have to realize that the $900 billion that was in the package  that just passed 5 weeks ago or less has not been fully spent. In fact,  most analyses show that less than half of that $900 billion has gone  out the door. So we can't know what the impact has been of what we just  spent--again, the second largest expenditure of funds ever in the  history of this Congress because half of it has not even got out the  door, or more. Let's do an analysis there.   Apparently, without taking the time to see if there are 60 Senators  willing to move forward with this new idea of a new bipartisan package,  this reconciliation approach I talked about earlier is the one that  Democrats seem to want to take. It is a rare process. You have to have  a budget passed by both sides. It only happens every few years. The  reconciliation is in the underlying budget we are voting on over the  next couple of days here. It is something that can be used-- reconciliation--only for budget-related issues, only for mandatory  spending and for revenue, for taxes, and for reducing the debt. So it  has to be budget related.   Actually, some of the things in the $1.9 trillion dollar package  can't even be done by reconciliation, which would mean we would have to  be changing the rules of this body in order to include them in  reconciliation. That is another bad idea. First bad idea, not to work  on a bipartisan basis. At least try. At least try. The second one is,  using reconciliation, which is a mere 50-vote margin for something that  is not directly related to the budget that has a direct impact. It  can't be merel incidental to the budget, as an example.    There are a number of provisions in there that fit that category. And  there is at least discussion, I am told--and we have heard it openly  from my colleagues on the other side of saying: Well, we are just going  to overrule the Chair--essentially nuke--going the nuclear option, as  they say. The nuclear option means that you overrule the Chair--and by  a mere 50 votes, change the rules of the Senate.   Please don't do that. That would be, again, setting us down a path of  partisanship we don't need to do. It would be poisoning the well. It  would be saying--just as getting rid of the filibuster would--we are  going to change the rules now that we are in charge.   The rules are there for a reason. And that is to ensure that, to the  extent possible, the Senate is a body where you find at least some  modicum of bipartisanship to move forward because you have to get those  60 votes, not just 50 votes or 51.   By trying to jam through this $1.9 trillion legislation, it sets  exactly the wrong tone for the country and also for the administration.  I think President Biden has a real opportunity to help heal our  country--I really do. By the way, I think he sincerely wants to. That  is why I don't understand this process.   Our 908 Coalition--this bipartisan group, which is now 20 Members, 10  Republicans and 10 Democrats--and we took it up to 10 Republicans  because we wanted to show that you can get to 60 votes. If you had 50  Democrats, you would have 10 Republicans willing to work with them. And  I am sure there are many, many more than those 10. I know there are.  This group is now being tested.   This group was bipartisan under President Trump. I hope it will be  bipartisan under President Biden. I hope that that bipartisanship shows  up quickly before we go down this path.   We had a meeting last week of our 908 Coalition, and our Democratic  colleagues asked us: What can we support? If it is not $1.9 trillion,  what is it? Fair question. Again, many of us think we ought to find out  what happened to the $900 billion first, hard-earned tax money that  hasn't been spent yet. But we said: OK. We will put together a proposal  that we could support--not that we support all elements of it but we  could support in order to respond to the President's $1.9 trillion  package in addressing all of the major issues that he addressed.   Over the weekend, we outlined a $600 billion package that does just  that. It addresses the most urgent needs of our country. It does not  include any of the unrelated provisions in the Democrats' package that  have nothing to do with COVID-19. What it does contain is the same $160  billion that is in the $1.9 trillion package as it relates to  healthcare.   What does that mean? It means that if we are going to get out of this  crisis we find ourselves in, we have to address the COVID-19 issue,  right? We are not just going to have an economy improve immediately to  the extent we would like to see it without dealing with the healthcare  crisis. That is what is driving the fact that restaurants are closed  down, the fact that people are losing jobs through no fault of their  own, the fact that we have these economic issues related to COVID. So  the sensible thing to do is to be sure we are dealing with the vaccine,  development and distribution, dealing with testing, dealing with  tracing, making sure we have proper PPE. All of that is in the $160  billion that is in the Biden proposal. It is also in the proposal that  we Republicans on the Coalition put forward--$160 billion, the same.   For those issues, we are consistent with President Biden's plan on  additional healthcare support. Our proposal also prioritizes getting  kids back to the classroom, which we think is really important.  Specifically, we have $20 billion toward getting children safely back  into classrooms, which is on top of the $82 billion we just spent on  schools at the end of year. As a parent, I couldn't feel more strongly  about this; we need to get our children back to school, and we need to  make sure we it is safe--and we can do both.   We also provide an additional $12 billion for nutrition programs to  combat food insecurity and ensure that families, kids have food on the  table. This is consistent, again, with the Biden administration plan.  These are ones that we agree on.   Our proposal also includes $20 billion for the childcare and  development block grants so our childcare facilities across the country  can stay open, so the parents can go back to work. Childcare is  incredibly expensive. Again, this is where we agree.   We have a new round of $50 billion in financial support for small  businesses, but we use it in a program we know works rather than  setting up a new program, which would take a long time to put in place.   We help the hardest hit families and individuals through expanding  unemployment insurance for those who lose their job through no fault of  their own. We expand it from where it currently ends now, in mid-March,  to the end of June, so June 30.    We extend it at $300 per week, which is the Federal supplement now in  place. There, the Biden administration wants $400 rather than $300 and  wants to extend it into September, to September 30. There is no  economic data that says that that will be necessary. If it is, we can  take it up again. So there we have a proposal that is similar but more  targeted to meet the real needs of our economy.   Our proposal also provides direct stimulus checks to Americans who  really need that extra amount of money to pay their rent or put food on  the table or pay their mortgage. By the way, we do it by lowering these  limits. Instead of going to families that make 300,000 bucks a year or  more--if they have got three or four kids, we say let's cap it at  $50,000 for individuals, $100,000 for families, an additional $500 per  child.   Again, all the economists say that is what makes sense because those  are the folks who are really going to spend it and need it. Let's  target this to those who really need the help.   We accomplish all these things at one-third of the cost of the Biden  proposal. Much of the difference between our proposal and the Biden  administration's is we don't include the extraneous matters, but also  it is how we address these two crises: the healthcare crisis to defeat  the underlying disease and the work we are trying to do to ensure the  economy can recover. Both proposals rightly provide the resources  needed to address the healthcare crisis, as I said.   But with regard to the economic crisis, we take a little different  approach. Our focus is on getting targeted aid to those who need it the  most. In contrast, a large portion of the administration's $1.9  trillion package is about spending taxpayer dollars to stimulate the  economy that, based on all the data, is already beginning to recover.  And that is something that, frankly, is not an effective use of  taxpayer dollars.  [[Page S239]]    Just yesterday, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, or CBO,  reported that the economy is growing quite well right now. They project  a 3.7-percent real economic growth in this year we are in, in 2021.  That is significant economic growth. That takes into account inflation,  real economic growth at 3.7 percent. That just came out yesterday.   By the way, the Wall Street Journal does a survey of a bunch of  economists--60 economists--and their consensus for the economic growth  in this year is not 3.7 percent, it is 4.3 percent. Even better. So the  economy is projected to grow quite well this year.   Importantly, the CBO also said that the economy is expected to  recover to prepandemic levels by the middle of the year. They say that  by June 30, the economy will be back to where it was before the  pandemic, which was a very strong economy. In fact, a year ago  February, this month, we had 19 straight months of wage growth of over  3 percent. We had the lowest poverty rate in the history of our  country. There was a lot of good things going on in our economy. And  they say we are going to get back to that--this is CBO, not me--by the  middle of this year.   Meanwhile, after record-high jobless claims we saw last spring when  unemployment hit 14.7 percent, the national unemployment rate has  fallen to 6.7 percent, which means Americans are able to find work, for  the most part. Is it where I would like it to be? No. But the CBO says  the unemployment numbers are going to go down, as does everybody else  who has projected this over the next year. They say it is going to drop  this year to 5.3 percent. Five percent used to be considered full  employment. We would like to see it even better than that. But the  point is, the economy is improving. And as we get these virus pandemic  issues under control, the economy will improve even more. Having the  vaccines readily available is going to make a big difference. And, of  course, again, that is why we put so much money into that in our  proposal.    CBO is basing these projections, by the way, without factoring any of  the new $1.9 trillion. They don't assume that there will be any more  stimulus than what we just passed several weeks ago. In other words,  while the Biden Administration says we need $1.9 trillion in new  spending or our economy will tank, CBO says very clearly that is not  true.   Instead, we need to help those who are still struggling and cannot  find a job because their industry shuttered or their business isn't  allowed to reopen, and that is what our targeted proposal will do.   Other respected sources agree with CBO's optimism. I mentioned these  68 economists indicating 4.3 percent economic growth. The Committee for  a Responsible Federal Budget said yesterday that the CBO data  underscores the need for a targeted package, saying: ``It shouldn't  take $1.9 trillion to fill a $400 billion or $800 billion hole'' in our  economy.   We have more data to suggest that the economy is on a path to  recovery. For example, we know that household incomes rose slightly-- but they rose--in December. This was the first increase in 3 months.  The personal savings rate in December rose significantly--13.7  percent--indicating there is a lot of pent-up demand right there for  people to get out and start spending money again.   To me, all this points to a pretty clear conclusion that in the  immediate aftermath of the $900 billion bipartisan package just passed  at year end, there is simply not a strong argument to spend an  additional $1.9 trillion on stimulus. Instead, we need to use this next  COVID-19 package to focus on the ongoing healthcare challenges of the  pandemic--that is the key thing--and on getting targeted economic  relief to the hardest hit Americans, which is what our $600 billion  proposal does.   I appreciate that, in the last few days, President Biden has  expressed more willingness to work with bipartisan Members of Congress  on this critical challenge. After we wrote to President Biden on Sunday  requesting a meeting to discuss our targeted COVID-19 relief proposal,  he quickly accepted, and, yesterday, we had a lengthy and, I thought,  very productive discussion at the White House. While we didn't come to  an agreement on a proposal--and as you can see today on the floor,  Democrats are moving forward with this budget process, regardless--it  was a productive discussion and gives me hope that we can follow the  bipartisan approach we have taken from the previous five COVID bills.  The meeting reaffirmed that there is a lot of common ground for us to  build another bill upon and that we share the belief that we need to  ensure the hardest hit individuals and families and small businesses  get more support they need during this crisis.   My hope is that we can use these two proposals as a starting point  for negotiations on a COVID-19 response package that Congress can pass,  as we have before, consistently, with bipartisan support, not through  partisan parliamentary maneuvers.   This pandemic gives us an opportunity to come together as Republicans  and Democrats and show the American people we can put aside the  partisanship and the divisions that have become the norm around here  and get things done.   If we can't do it on COVID-19, as we have five times already, where  can we do it?   I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on both sides  of the aisle and with President Biden to follow his desire to make good  on his pledge in the inaugural address to work together to respond to  this crisis.   I yield the floor.   