 Mr. President, I rise in support of the nomination of  Ambassador Linda Thomas-Greenfield to be the United States Ambassador  to the United Nations.   Our next U.N. Ambassador will inherit the monumental task of  rebuilding our frayed alliances after four years of isolation and  division, in which the United States retreated from our leadership role  in promoting democracy, freedom, human rights, and the rule of law.  There is no person better suited to this task than Ambassador Linda  Thomas-Greenfield.   In a Foreign Service career spanning more than three decades,  Ambassador Thomas-Greenfield served with distinction both in Washington  and around the globe, including at the U.S. Mission to the United  Nations that she will now lead.   As the son of a Foreign Service Officer and cochair of the Senate  Foreign Service Caucus, I am also acutely aware of the significance of  President Biden selecting a career Foreign Service Officer for this  position. For 4 years, members of the Foreign Service have been  maligned, demeaned, and marginalized by the people trusted to lead  them. The selection of a career Foreign Service Officer to represent  the United States at the United Nations marks a sharp turn away from  that shameful chapter.   I look forward to working with Ambassador Thomas-Greenfield as we  take on the difficult work of restoring our standing in the world,  rebuilding our alliances, and investing in the men and women of our  Foreign Service. I am proud to support her nomination.    Madam President, as the United States is facing its  worst hunger crisis since the Great Depression and family farms are  struggling, President Biden has nominated Thomas Vilsack to reprise his  role as Secretary of Agriculture and capably steward the Department to  address  [[Page S798]]  these critical needs and support our rural communities.   Mr. Vilsack served as Agriculture Secretary for all 8 years of the  Obama administration, overseeing investments in rural communities,  healthier school meals, and better food safety standards. He also  chaired the first White House Rural Council, which streamlined the  effectiveness of Federal programs serving rural America, engaged  stakeholders on issues and solutions in rural communities, and promoted  and coordinated private-sector partnerships in those communities.   Our agricultural landscape has changed over the last 4 years, and we  must accelerate our transition to net-zero agriculture by incentivizing  practices like crop-covering and carbon sequestration. Agricultural  conservation practices are also critical for achieving the pollution- reduction targets for nitrogen, phosphorus, and sediment under the  Chesapeake Bay TMDL. I look forward to working closely with Mr. Vilsack  to advance our climate goals.   Additionally, as communities of color experience disproportionate  economic hardships as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic in addition to  decades of discrimination within USDA, I will hold Mr. Vilsack to his  promise to ``fully deeply and completely address[ing] inequities''  within the department and show ``zero tolerance for discrimination.''   Thomas Vilsack has the experience and insight to provide immediate  relief to our struggling farmers, families, and rural communities. For  these reasons, I support his nomination for Secretary of Agriculture.   