 Mr. President, I am quite pleased that the Senate will  soon be voting on the confirmation of Margaret Strickland, President  Biden's nominee to be a district court judge for the District of New  Mexico.   Ms. Strickland was born and raised in the southwest border region  where this district court seat presides. She attended New Mexico State  University and the University of Texas at El Paso, before attending law  school at New York University.   Ms. Strickland returned to the Southwest after law school and started  her career with the Las Cruces Office of the New Mexico Public  Defender, representing clients in the juvenile drug court and in felony  defense work.   In 2011, Ms. Strickland formed her own law firm, continuing her  public service work representing indigent defendants in Federal court.  Ms. Strickland has litigated both criminal and civil cases, including a  significant number in the Federal district court located in Las Cruces,  NM. She has also appeared before the New Mexico Court of Appeals, the  New Mexico Supreme Court, and the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals, and  filed before the U.S. Supreme Court.   Ms. Strickland served on the board of the New Mexico Criminal Defense  Lawyers for over a decade, including as its president. In 2018, the  Federal District of New Mexico appointed her to represent all Criminal  Justice Act lawyers as a panel representative.   Ms. Strickland has also done significant volunteer work with programs  that reduce the rate of euthanasia for companion animals. She and her  husband Greg foster dogs and puppies set for euthanasia so the dogs can  be placed in a home.   If confirmed, Ms. Strickland will be faced with one of the biggest  Federal dockets in the country and inheriting a very heavy backlog of  cases.   I am, however, confident that her experience and her incredible work  ethic will best position her to immediately get to work.   Ms. Strickland is a highly qualified nominee with the right  experience, the right temperament, and the right disposition to be a  fairminded district court judge. The ABA agrees, giving her a majority  ``well qualified'' rating.   She has spent her entire professional career working in the community  in which she will sit. She knows intimately the impact that the legal  system has on everyday Americans, and she understands that serving as a  judge is very different from serving as an advocate.   She is ready and prepared to shift from zealously and effectively  representing clients to faithfully applying the law to the facts of a  specific case.   Both before and after her nomination was announced, New Mexicans  called my office in favor of Ms. Strickland. I heard from judges, from  prosecutors, from defense attorneys, and everyday New Mexicans. All of  them called to say how much they believe in Ms. Strickland. Like those  New Mexicans who called into my office, I believe Ms. Strickland  belongs on the bench, and I am ready to cast my vote and help her get  there.   I enthusiastically support Ms. Strickland's nomination for district  court judge for the District of New Mexico, and I hope that all of my  colleagues will join me in confirming this highly qualified nominee.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   