 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I wanted to speak in particular terms  about the American Rescue Plan and in particular about the provision of  home- and community-based services. We know that when we speak of these  kinds of services, we are talking about services that benefit seniors  across the country as well as Americans with disabilities. We are also  concerned as well for the heroic frontline workers who provide those  services, most of whom--virtually all of whom have been underpaid and,  frankly, underappreciated for far too long.   Let me start with the provision of these home- and community-based  services in terms of the people who are benefiting from these services.  Right now, about 4 million Americans receive home care and home health  services in their own homes or apartments. Receiving these services at  home reduces the likelihood that that older American will be infected  by the virus.   Serving and supporting older adults and people with disabilities  reduces pressure on nursing homes and other congregate settings. We  know that these kind of services, the home- and community-based  services, make sure that seniors and people with disabilities have a  chance to continue to live where they want to live, as opposed to  living in a congregate setting. In many cases, that means they will  have more contact with their families, reducing the loneliness and  social isolation that can be damaging to their mental health. So this  American Rescue Plan includes temporary Federal funding to States to  increase Medicaid home- and community-based services.   If the bill were to pass, an additional $9.3 billion would be made  available to States to ensure that workers who provide these services  have the protection and resources they need to provide the care and to  provide the services.   More than 200 organizations from around the country wrote to Congress  in support of these new dollars. For months, SEIU, one of the great  unions in America representing workers--healthcare workers; the  disability community, as well; advocates for older adults like AARP and  others--have rallied around the need for this funding.   This funding can be used to increase wages for direct-service  providers, the workers. It can be used to secure additional personal  protective equipment and testing supplies for workers and those that  they support. Home- and community-based funds can also be used to help  people transition from congregate settings back to their homes. It can  also be used to provide services for the 800,000 Americans waiting for  this kind of help.   For example, Ira Hall from Westmoreland County, PA, just right in the  southwestern corner of our State, next to Pittsburgh, in that county,  Ira will continue to receive services, and he will receive that service  from his direct service worker, Ray Williams. I was able to visit both  of these individuals last May during a virtual home visit.   Home- and community-based services make it possible for Ira, who has  a developmental disability, to live in his own apartment. Ray, who is  his direct service worker, helps Ira plan his day and helps him  throughout his workday and helps him find the resources he needs to  meet his goals.   During the pandemic, Ray's support made it possible for Ira to remain  in his home and to be safe from contracting the virus. The services Ray  provides also helps Ira maintain his physical and mental health. We  know that the American Rescue Plan makes it possible for services like  those Ira receives and Ray provides. It will also mean the agencies  providing these services will continue to operate and provide essential  home- and community-based services throughout the public health crisis.   Passage of the bill would be a down payment on securing strong and  comprehensive home- and community-based services infrastructure, but it  is only a down payment. This pandemic has revealed a fragile home care  and home health system. These funds  [[Page S1011]]  should be the first step in creating home- and community-based services  infrastructure that can serve seniors and all people with disabilities  who want to live in their own homes and remain in their communities  with their families, friends, and neighbors.   With the passage of this American Rescue Plan, we will be able to  address the immediate pandemic needs of older adults, as well as people  with disabilities. Let's work to ensure this first step starts to  create the path to a robust, comprehensive home care and home health  network in every State for every senior and every American with a  disability.   I yield the floor.   