 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today the Senate will vote on Judge  Merrick Garland's nomination to be Attorney General of the United  States. I will oppose this nomination. I was open-minded at first about  Judge Garland's nomination. He has long had a reputation as a fair- minded judge. But since being nominated, my confidence in Judge Garland  has been undermined--first, by his evasive, haughty refusal to answer  some of the most basic questions we would expect from an Attorney  General, the kind of evasion he would never allow in his own courtroom,  so why should we allow it in the U.S. Senate? And, second, when he did  answer questions, he sounded more like a liberal ideologue who had  embraced the radical agenda of the Democratic Party's far-left base.   If confirmed, I am afraid that he will enable extremists in the  Department of Justice to undermine our police, our Constitution, and  our rule of law. This weak-on-crime nominee will fan the flames of our  Nation's drug crisis, border crisis, and violent crime crisis. And he  has made clear that on the greatest challenges facing the Department,  he will cede the reins to the radical, far-left culture warriors that  President Biden has nominated to be some of his top deputies. Our  Nation simply cannot afford Judge Garland as our Attorney General.   In the last 12 months on record, over 83,000 Americans died from drug  overdoses, more than any year in history. Drug overdoses killed more  Americans in a single year than the Vietnam war and the War on Terror  combined. Yet Judge Garland plans to reduce prison sentences for drug  dealers, traffickers, and gang members.   Judge Garland appears to believe that these merchants of misery  engage in a victimless trade, but virtually every family and community  in our Nation bears the scars that prove otherwise. Whether it is the  disabled child, addicted parent, suffering sibling, recovering  neighbor, or deceased friend, the victims of drug crime are everywhere  we look. Drug traffickers are hardly engaged in a nonviolent offense.  Their practice is intimidation; their product is poison; and their  customer service is the barrel of a gun. With Judge Garland as Attorney  General, these criminals will go free. Their business will boom, and  the violence and death in our streets will continue.   It is not just fentanyl and heroin driving this crisis anymore. In  the wake of weakening our drug trafficking laws under ill-advised laws  like the First Step Act, drug overdose deaths are linked to other drugs  as well, like cocaine, which is sharply increasing. Cocaine is now  outpacing heroin as a leading cause of drug overdoses, and meth is  outpacing both. Judge Garland will release these criminals back onto  the streets in the middle of the worst drug epidemic in our Nation's  history. These pain profiteers don't deserve leniency and should be  kept far away from the communities they have victimized. Many should,  frankly, count themselves lucky that they are not charged with murder.   And while Judge Garland endorses President Biden's call for racial  equity--not equality, but equity--Judge Garland's agenda will hurt  vulnerable minority communities most of all. Drug overdose deaths  disproportionately affect minority communities, as does violent crime.  Judge Garland's confirmation, like the confirmation of some of his top  deputies, would be a gift to the cartels, street gangs, and drug  trafficking networks that perpetuate violence and the destruction we  see in our streets. And even those who want the government to go easier  on drug dealers and drug traffickers should be concerned about Judge  Garland's stated plan to dismantle mandatory minimum sentences for drug  traffickers. In addition to deterrence, one important justification for  creating sentence ranges was to reduce racial disparities in how  minority drug traffickers were sentenced.    But Judge Garland doesn't stop there. He also supports President  Biden's extreme open borders amnesty agenda. At Judge Garland's  confirmation hearing, he was asked if entering the country illegally  should be a crime. You would think that would be a very simple  question. But Judge Garland responded that he hadn't ``thought about''  it--hadn't ``thought about'' it. It stretches the bounds of belief that  a Federal judge who has been on the bench for almost a quarter century  hadn't thought about that question--or that any American with common  sense who believes in our borders and believes in our sovereignty  hadn't thought whether it should be a crime to cross our border  illegally. But, to give him the benefit of the doubt, I asked, in a  written question after the hearing--had nearly a week to think about  it; it seems like it is a pretty easy research question: Should  illegally entering our country be a crime? And he said, conveniently,  even then, that he hadn't thought about it. Judge Garland also refused  to say whether illegal alien gang members or illegal aliens who have  assaulted U.S. citizens should be deported if a judge orders it.   Judge Garland's silence shows that he will, at best, meekly abide by  the  [[Page S1442]]  administration's irrational immigration agenda. He will help transform  zero tolerance into total tolerance of crime, and his inaction will  only further advance the administration's recruit-and-release policies  at our border, where we don't just allow illegal aliens into our  country after catching them at the border; we go back and find them in  Mexico and invite them to return to the border and then release them  into the country.   This will attract an ever-growing surge of illegal migration and will  result in more drugs and criminal aliens entering our country, as we  see with the Biden border crisis growing worse every day.   Of course, the vast majority of meth, heroin, and cocaine--and a  large quantity of fentanyl--is smuggled across the southern border each  year. As our border facilities and personnel are overwhelmed by the  Biden border surge, our security will falter and even more drugs will  pour into our Nation.   Hardened criminals will accompany the flood of drugs from the Rio  Grande. Thousands of confirmed and suspected gang members cross the  southern border into our country, and even more will exploit the open  border policies that Judge Garland will have a hand in creating. This  will fuel skyrocketing violence in our Nation.   Last year, we experienced the largest single increase in murder in  American history--the largest single increase in murders in our  country's history. Preliminary data from the FBI indicates that there  was a 20-percent increase--20-percent increase--in murder nationwide.  In big cities, it was even worse. Murders rose in Atlanta by 60  percent; in Chicago, by 50 percent; in New York City, by 45 percent;  and in Washington, DC, by 40 percent. There were also, I would add,  over 500 violent riots last year that injured over 2,000 law  enforcement officers.   Our police need our support more than ever before, but they wouldn't  get it from a Garland Department of Justice. Personnel is policy, and  Judge Garland has allowed two leftwing radicals to be selected as his  chief lieutenants in the Department of Justice. Vanita Gupta and  Kristen Clarke both support defunding, disarming, and defaming our  police. They stand with the perpetrators of crime, not with the victims  of it. There is little doubt that Judge Garland would empower these  leftwing radicals embedded inside the Department.   In response to written questions from the Judiciary Committee, Judge  Garland also responded with some variation of ``I don't know''; ``I  haven't studied the issue''; ``I am not familiar''; ``I haven't thought  about it''; ``I am not aware of,'' or refused to comment altogether  over 250 times. Again, this is a sitting Federal judge of almost a  quarter century with a vast retinue of the country's best lawyers at  his disposal for a week to answer written questions, and over 250 times  he couldn't answer the question. That was more than one-third of the  colleagues--or more than one-third of the questions that I and my  colleagues asked him.   Judge Garland may not have thought about these questions or thought  about how to run the Justice Department, but I bet Ms. Gupta and Ms.  Clarke have, and they will gladly fill this void of purpose with their  radical ideology. The Garland Justice Department will make America less  safe.   At the same time, Judge Garland would work to weaken our Second  Amendment. At his hearing, he repeatedly refused to explain how he  would deal with the Second Amendment. While he acknowledged accurately  that it would be tough to overturn the Supreme Court's ruling in  Washington, DC, v. Heller, which affirmed Americans' constitutional  right to keep and bear arms, he said that he ``can't promise''--he  ``can't promise''--that he won't try to overturn it. He also said he  just doesn't know whether President Biden has the authority to ban  certain semiautomatic rifles, some of the most popular sporting  firearms today. He doesn't know if President Biden has the authority to  ban them by Executive order. He has also said he is just not familiar  with whether the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives-- which would report to him if he is confirmed, I would remind everyone-- would have the authority to indefinitely delay approving gun sales to  Americans who have not had any flags show up in their background  checks. Once again, Judge Garland demonstrated through his evasion that  he would bow to the radical left to the detriment of normal law-abiding  American citizens.   I urge every Senator who believes in the Second Amendment and the  rule of law and who cares about stopping crime in our streets to reject  Judge Merrick Garland's nomination for Attorney General.   Now is not the time for weakness, evasion, and obfuscation from our  Nation's foremost law enforcement officer. We need strength, resolve,  and certainty. Our Nation needs and deserves a better nominee for  Attorney General. I will oppose his nomination.   I yield the floor.   