 Mr. President, I thank my friend, the senior Senator from  Vermont, for his courtesy.   Tomorrow, the Senate will vote on the latest iteration of what has  come to be known as the Democrats' partisan power grab over our  elections conducted overwhelmingly by the States--actually, exclusively  at the State and local level.   The legislation that prompted this discussion first popped up in  2019, when the newly elected majority in the House went on a messaging  bill spree. Over the last 2 years, they have tried a number of  different marketing strategies to convince the American people that  this overhaul was needed.   This latest version is proof that Congress isn't buying what they are  selling, and that is for good reason.   Those who were advocating for a national takeover of our State-run  elections, at one point they said it was a matter of election security.  Then they said this was designed to help restore voter confidence. Then  they said this is a way to remove obstacles that prevented people from  voting.   But facts are stubborn things. In 2020, we saw record turnout. Two- thirds of eligible voters cast a ballot, and that was the highest  turnout in 120 years.   I was on the ballot in 2020. The last time I had been on the ballot,  6 years previously, there were 4.8 million voters in Texas. In 2020,  there were 11.3 million voters in Texas. Compared to the 2016  Presidential election, 17 million more Americans cast a vote, and we  saw historic turnouts by Black, White, Asian, and Hispanic voters.   So facts being stubborn things, clearly it is time for the advocates  for this Federal takeover to come up with a new sales pitch. So our  Democratic friends attacked election integrity bills being passed by  State legislatures, like Texas, all across the country.   The Constitution itself gives States the power to determine how their  elections should be run, and States are using that authority to make it  easier to vote and harder to cheat.   Our Democratic friends have tried to frame these new State laws as  somehow suppressing voting rights. As we have seen, if that is the  objective, they certainly are doing a lousy job at it because people  are voting in unprecedented numbers.   Well, it is interesting to contrast some of the changes that our  Democratic colleagues, including the Merrick Garland's Department of  Justice, comparing the reforms they have attacked and those that they  believe are just fine.   The Georgia law, which the Department of Justice has sued under  section 2 of the Voting Rights Act, actually expanded early voting in  person to 17 days. But if you live in Massachusetts, you can only vote  for 11 days. I haven't heard many complaints about the Massachusetts  voting laws restricting people's access to the polls. And the  President's home State of Delaware, they  [[Page S7045]]  don't even offer in-person early voting, but they will in 2022. But  even then, they are even more restrictive than Massachusetts. It will  only be for 10 days.   So somehow a short period of early voting in Delaware is acceptable-- actually, currently is not available but soon to be acceptable for 10  days--but 17 days of early voting in Georgia is an assault on voting  rights. Both cannot be true.   Of course, our Democratic friends believe the only answer to this  manufactured assault is an unconstitutional, partisan power grab that  they have been pushing for years, as I said. Well, the initial  iteration of this came up for a vote in June, and it was sadly  rejected, for good reason. The bill would have turned the bipartisan  Federal Election Commission into a Democrat-controlled Commission. This  is supposed to be evenly split and nonpartisan, but that would change  under the proposal that we voted on in June.   It would have also allowed ballot harvesting--a dubious practice that  is a recipe for mischief and wrongdoing, as a ballot could be harvested  by paid campaign staffers, political operative, or anyone who had a  stake in the outcome of the election. Just go to your closest nursing  home or community center, get people to sign a ballot, and harvest  away. That would have been permitted. And, actually, prohibitions  against ballot harvesting would have been prohibited under the  Democrats' bill.   And the bill would have commandeered States' constitutional authority  to draw their own congressional districts. The only thing this proposal  would have done for the people, as it is called, would be to help make  sure that the outcome of virtually every future election meant that  Democrats win and Republicans lose; thus, Republicans would be  relegated to a permanent minority status. That was the goal.   If this bill weren't so dangerous, it would have been laughable.  Nobody would have taken it seriously. It is no surprise that the only  thing bipartisan about this legislation is the opposition. In both the  House and the Senate, Republicans and Democrats voted against this  legislation.   Still, our Democratic colleagues--I admire their perseverance--they  refused to throw in the towel. They decided to work on what they now  call a compromise.   Well, generally, a compromise indicates that you have found common  ground with somebody who holds a different view. But the so-called  compromise bill we are scheduled to vote on tomorrow isn't the result  of negotiations between Republicans and Democrats; it is a compromise  between the left and the radical left. You really can't call something  a compromise when your negotiating partner is sitting on the same side  of the table with you.   All this is done to create the illusion or a narrative that the  partisan pieces have been stripped out of the bill and it now includes  mainstream reforms. But that is far from the truth.   Just like its predecessor, this bill seizes States' constitutional  authority to make decisions on matters like voter registration and  early voting. It contains invasive disclosure requirements that would  undermine citizens' privacy and chill free speech. It places Federal  standards on States for redistricting, and threatens action from the  Democratic-controlled Attorney General's Office if those standards  aren't met. And it makes it harder to root out election fraud, and  easier to cheat.   If that is not bad enough, it also takes tax dollars from the  American taxpayer and would require it be given to candidates for  public office that those taxpayers disagree with. They call that public  funding of elections.   Nothing about the bill is a compromise. They may have stripped out  some of the most outrageous provisions, but certainly overtly partisan  provisions remain.   Republicans uniformly oppose the first attempt at this partisan power  grab, and it is no surprise we will oppose this one as well.   This is not a good-faith attempt to ensure our elections are secure  from fraud and interference and accessible to all eligible voters. It  is rather a political stunt and statement designed to mislead the  American people and appeal to the most radical members of the  Democratic base.   I am certainly not one to tell the majority leader how to do his job,  but it seems like show votes ought to be pretty low on our list of  priorities.   Our Democrat colleagues narrowly averted a debt crisis 2 weeks ago,  and they have less than 2 months to figure out how to increase the debt  ceiling and avoid an economic disaster.   In the coming months, the Senate needs to do what has become an  annual tradition, which is to pass the National Defense Authorization  Act to give our troops the support they deserve and our commanders the  predictability they need for the future. And we need to pass a full  slate of appropriations bills to avoid a government shutdown just  before the holidays. Those are the things we need to do, at a bare  minimum.   We should also be advancing legislation to avert--or to address the  border crisis, which has been raging on since January. We need to  reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act. We need to bring down sky- high drug prices, and approve accountability and transparency in  policing.   There is a lot we should be doing to solve real problems that deserve  action from the country and which our constituents deserve as well.   There is a strong appetite for bipartisan work on both sides of the  aisle, but the leadership of the Democratic Party has effectively  stonewalled bipartisan legislating in favor of a completely partisan  approach. It is really a head-scratcher.   Our Democratic colleagues don't have the kind of majorities that FDR  had during the New Deal. We have a 50-50 Senate, with the Vice  President as the tie-breaker. Common sense ought to tell you that that  demands and requires bipartisan legislating, not these kinds of show  votes.   We have a long list of tasks that are far more important than virtue  signaling. So I hope our colleagues will reevaluate the wisdom of this  parade of partisan bills and spend time working with us to find where  we have common ground, where we can actually pass legislation and make  a difference for our country.   Until that time, we will continue to oppose partisan attacks on our  Nation's elections and any other damaging, politically motivated bills  Democrats bring to the Senate floor.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, if I may respond to the Senator from  Maine.   I am always interested in working on bipartisan bills and finding  common ground. I think my record--and as the Senator knows, we have  worked together on a number of things. The fundamental problem with our  Democratic friends' approach to election reform is they want to  nationalize the election. They want to take the authority away from the  States, which is clearly given to the States under the Constitution.   But if we can take that off the table and talk about some other  areas, we could work together in that area, I would be more than happy  to work with my friend from Maine.   