 Madam Speaker, I am honored to rise in support of the  bipartisan Senior Security Act, which will help protect vulnerable  seniors from hucksters and scam artists. I would like to thank my good  friend, Congressman Trey Hollingsworth, for working with me on this  crucial bill, and also Senators Susan Collins and Kyrsten Sinema, who  have introduced companion legislation in the Senate.   Since I took office, I have been committed to helping seniors save  their hard-earned money for retirement, helping them cut their taxes  and afford prescription drugs, and protecting Social Security and  Medicare so that, at the end of the day, they can afford to stay in  northern New Jersey and enjoy their lives with their friends, children,  and grandchildren.   Unfortunately, far too many of our seniors have had their hard-earned  retirement savings stolen right out from under them when a scammer  calls or shows up at their door. There are millions of seniors across  the country who have been the victims of financial scams and abuses. It  is appalling; it is offensive; and it is unacceptable.   Older Americans lose approximately $3 billion each year to financial  scams and abuse. Approximately 7 million Americans have been victims of  exploitation, and that is only what is being reported. Only 1 in every  24 cases of elder abuse actually gets reported.   IRS impersonation calls and fraudulent tech support calls are among  the most widely used and costly scams targeting older Americans. In  fact, more than 2.5 million Americans have been targeted by scammers  impersonating IRS officials, costing more than 15,800 taxpayers at  least $80 million since 2013. More than 3 million Americans are victims  of tech support scams or scammers pretending to be with a reputable  tech company who persuade seniors to provide personal bank account  information.   My mom was even a victim of one of these scammers. Someone claiming  to be an IRS agent threatened her. I remember she called me and thought  that I had messed up her tax return, but it was a scammer.   COVID scammers are also now targeting older Americans with promises  of quicker access to vaccines or pandemic relief benefits, preying on  those whose only wish is to hug their family members again.   We are here today to do something about it by voting on the Senior  Security Act to help protect American seniors from scams. My bipartisan  bill creates a new senior investor task force at the SEC to fight back  against these hucksters scamming our seniors. The task force will also  identify challenges that senior investors encounter and areas within  the SEC or self-regulatory organizations where senior investors would  benefit from changes.   The task force will also coordinate with other Federal regulators,  State regulators, and law enforcement to ensure that we are doing as  much as we can at every level of government to stop this. Our  legislation will also make antifraud enforcement even more common by  giving law enforcement stronger tools and information via the new  senior investor task force.   The task force will submit regular reports to Congress, outlining  trends that are impacting senior investors. This will be a cop on the  beat to make sure we keep up with the changes in financial scams and to  be ahead of new issues as they arise.   Our seniors have given us so much. We should always have their backs  and help protect them from predators who want to take advantage of them  during their twilight years. I urge my colleagues to support this  commonsense, bipartisan bill.   