 Madam Speaker, Donald Trump is an immediate threat to our  Constitution and to our Democracy. He must be removed.   It has now been a week since rampaging criminals incited by Mr. Trump  invaded and vandalized the Capitol--the heart of American Democracy and  government. The attack resulted in six deaths--including that of two  police officers--and left an indelible stain on our nation. With each  passing day, we learn more about the extent to which this attack was  planned and orchestrated.   This was a violent insurrection--not a peaceful protest. The  criminals who perpetrated this attack were inspired, directed, and  encouraged by Donald Trump and his lies and incited by several members  of Congress, all of whom have refused to acknowledge--let alone take  responsibility for--their roles in this shameful episode.   No action we take today can undo the desecration caused by Donald  Trump, the members of Congress who aided and abetted him, and those  dangerous insurrectionists. This was not merely a criminal conspiracy;  it was an attack on our nation's Capitol to deliberately and violently  overthrow the duly elected Government of the United States.   Regardless of our actions today, Donald Trump will be removed from  office in just over a week. But that does not mean we shouldn't act. If  we let an insurgence against our government go without consequence,  what will we be saying to future generations?   We must send the permanent message that in January of 2021, Congress  refused to condone, pardon, or ignore this crime against the  Constitution and the American people, and further, that Congress  refused the possibility that Donald Trump could ever hold office again.   Some have said that this should be a time for unity, not for  divisiveness. I agree. We must be united and unequivocal in our  declaration: The desecration of our Democracy will not be tolerated.  The divisiveness over this issue is not being caused by those of us who  insist on upholding the Constitution and rule of law; the  responsibility for discord belongs solely at the feet of those who  refuse to do so.   Therefore, I must call out those in this body who continue to  perpetuate the lies that led to this deadly chain of events. American  Democracy was and remains threatened by their actions and words. Over  the last four years, we have learned that the guardrails constructed by  our Founders to protect the Constitution are only as strong as the  leaders who take the oath to defend them. When our elected officials  take steps to undermine democracy--as far too many here today have  done--the fabric and future of our great nation is endangered.   All of us have sworn an oath to protect America from its enemies,  both foreign and domestic. Today, that oath requires each and every one  of us to support the immediate impeachment of Donald Trump. History  will judge us all for our decision today.   