 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Brett Guthrie, for  his kind and generous words. It is very meaningful.   Mr. Speaker, one of the first books that I recall reading as a child  was about the life of the famous New York Yankees first baseman named  Lou Gehrig. He was nicknamed The Iron Horse due to his athletic ability  and endurance. He could hit. He could run. He could field. He was an  amazing athlete. And then, everything just changed. Amyotrophic lateral  sclerosis stole that man's abilities, causing him to lose control of  basic functions.   This merciless, cruel, and aggressive neurodegenerative condition  mocked Lou Gehrig's famous durability. The disease became known as Lou  Gehrig's disease, and today we call it ALS.   Mr. Speaker, there was no cure then, and there is no cure now.   Before he died in 1941, at a ceremony at home plate in Yankee  Stadium, Lou Gehrig had this to say. He said: ``For the past 2 weeks,  you have been reading about a bad break. Yet today, I consider myself  the luckiest man on the face of the Earth.''   That story, Mr. Speaker, Lou Gehrig's story, stayed with me as a  child. I don't know why, but it did, and I remember it so well.   Now, fast-forward decades later. While serving here as a Member of  Congress, this same cruel disease has swept upon my own family.   I want to do this, Mr. Speaker, if you will indulge me. Pictured here  is my wife, Celeste, with her little brother and godson, Joe Gregory.  In his mid-thirties, Joe began to notice that his hand was shaking. He  started a battery of tests, but somehow, he just knew it was probably  going to be the worst of the worst. He was diagnosed with ALS, but he  faced his plight with both dignity and courage. He volunteered to be a  part of an experimental trial. He said: Well, if it doesn't work for  me, maybe it will help someone else.   He died when he was 37 years old, and he left behind Melanie, his  wife, and four little children. On his tombstone are the words from the  prophet Isaiah: ``Here I am; send me.''   Mr. Speaker, as Joe began to die, we as a family quickly learned  about this profound trauma that affects so many families all across  America. It happens over and over out of view. Most of us never see it.   I soon became acquainted with this amazingly strong and determined  ALS community. It was so uplifting to me to meet people filled with so  much hope. You have heard that word over and over today, Mr. Speaker,  and it is appropriate. So many people filled with so much hope amidst  their own suffering but who rightfully sought a different approach and  a better way.   Out of this experience was born the ACT for ALS.   Mr. Speaker, for over 50 years now and over 50 clinical trials, ALS  patients have submitted themselves to tests, trials, therapies, and  placebos in accordance with the rules of the current healthcare policy  framework. But progress has been uneven, even debatable, with serious  impediments to promising new treatments. Many have sacrificed their  lives to science as they weakened and died.   But today, here we are, Mr. Speaker, with over 330 cosponsors from  both sides of the aisle, and we are standing for a new way.   ACT for ALS represents a monumental shift in the way in which we  approach ALS and other neurodegenerative diseases. At the core of this  bill, it does two things. It transforms the paradigm of disease  research and regulation, and it creates a new pathway for promising  treatments. It drives the hope. With this groundbreaking law, we can  break through faster for those who have suffered so much.   I want to publicly say thank you to Representative Quigley for his  tireless leadership in driving this hope, and my very close friends,  Representatives Anna Eshoo and Cathy McMorris Rodgers, for their  leadership in shepherding this bill as well. It is truly bipartisan. It  was not easy, but here we are on the precipice of doing something good  for so many people.   Mr. Speaker, I may be just a little bit like Lou Gehrig. I, too, am a  lucky man, and for this reason: I have met so many beautiful people who  have shared their sufferings, their vulnerability, and their gratitude  toward this effort today. People of good heart, courageous, and who are  fighters have created a family of solidarity to help us creatively  rethink how to attack this disease through sound science, through  technology, and through improved public policy.   Mr. Speaker, one last note: There are so many heroes who deserve  special recognition, but you have heard one singled out today, and I  want to single him out as well. This fight's Iron Horse is my friend  and founder of the organization I AM ALS, Brian Wallach. As Brian said  in congressional testimony in July with his wife, Sandra, there: ``This  is our argument for our lives.''   Yes, it is, Brian.   So, Mr. Speaker, I should say publicly: Thank you, Brian; thank you,  Joe; and thank you to the ALS community. We could not be here without  you today.   