 Mr. Speaker, forcing the Federal Government into  Americans' private lives is Joe Biden's twisted idea of unity. It is  sickening to me that this President is creating a situation where some  Americans need to pick between keeping their jobs or taking the  coronavirus vaccine.   This is a cruel way to treat Americans trying to earn a living. Even  worse, Biden's vaccine mandate applies to brave military soldiers  willing to die for us, Federal contractors, and the intelligence  community. If too many are forced out of their positions, it will  jeopardize America's ability to assess and address threats.   Mr. Speaker, you do not need to look very hard for possible  consequences.   Over the weekend, our government's top intelligence personnel were  caught off guard by the People's Liberation Army's test of a hypersonic  missile capable of traveling at 25,000 miles per hour. Imagine that  missile flying toward the homeland and important government or military  roles were vacant because folks were fired over the vaccine.    Mr. Speaker, the result would be catastrophic.   Biden needs to back off his tyrannical impulses and allow Americans  to decide for themselves on the coronavirus vaccine. If he doesn't,  talented folks are going to exit critical national security jobs, and  this clueless President will blunder his way into yet another crisis.    Madam Speaker, I want to thank my sometimes friend from  Louisiana for that kind introduction and thank him so much for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, the current state of our economy is like a car about  to blow through a railroad crossing. As the car approaches the tracks,  indicator lights flash red warning of danger ahead. Despite warnings,  the car tries to beat the oncoming train across the tracks. We have all  seen this scenario. The train T-bones the car at full speed leaving it  in pieces.   Think of this preventable crash in economic terms. We are ignoring  flashing red fiscal indicators like rising inflation, as illustrated in  some of the issues right here; weak labor force participation; and $28  trillion of national debt. We need to heed these warnings. If we don't,  we face the complete destruction of our entire economy.   Joe Biden and the Democrats are crashing our economy. They control  the spending in Congress and the Federal agencies overseeing various  sectors of the economy. Since these folks don't seem to care or want to  work with us Republicans, they are the only ones who can stop this out- of-control economy from colliding with disaster.   Instead of steering the economy away from danger, Joe Biden and the  Democrats are going to put the pedal to the metal in pursuit of their  multitrillion dollar, far-left political agenda. Their expensive  socialist plan recklessly overstimulates the economy, pays folks not to  work, and bloats our national debt.   Pumping trillions into our economy will devalue the American dollar.  Combine this with rising prices, everyday folks won't be able to afford  a whole lot. Democrats risk crashing the economy if they choose to move  forward with their political agenda, Madam Speaker.   Let's not lie about who is going to be hurt the most if this happens.  It will be our poor and working-class folks, our fellow Americans--both  the Republicans and Democrats, conservatives and liberals. Paychecks  just won't go as far as they did before, as we are seeing already.  Vulnerable folks will struggle to afford basic goods and services for  their families.   Picture that car colliding with the train, Madam Speaker. Think of  that total devastation. It can be prevented if the flashing red warning  signs are taken seriously and heeded. Joe Biden and the Democrats need  to get control of our economy or let the Republicans take the wheel.   