 Mr. President, this body does not have to automatically  raise taxes to pay for infrastructure. Now, I know some of my  colleagues would disagree with me. Some want to raise the gasoline tax.  The President--well, I think he wants to raise every tax known to man  and beast to spend on infrastructure and other things. And that is--he  is the President. He is an American. He is entitled to his own opinion.   But I don't think we spent nearly enough time looking at our current  spending and asking ourselves if we could reprioritize some of the ways  that we are spending taxpayer money.   Let me put it another way. No person with even a casual relationship  with the Federal budget and/or an IQ above a root vegetable believes  that every single penny being spent today in the U.S. Government's  budget is being spent efficiently. I mean, it is just not, Mr.  President. You know that. You have run a State before. You have put  together a budget before. It is not. For example, we waste $144 billion  a year, every year, on improper payments. We send checks to people who  are not entitled to receive them--for the earned income tax credit, for  example. We spend money on people who don't exist or aren't qualified  to receive Medicaid. We even send money to dead people, and they cash  the checks--or at least their relatives do.   Now, I am not naive. I know that we will never ever--an organization  as large as the Federal Government will never be able to avoid a  percentage of improper payments. I understand that. But we ought to at  least try, particularly on sending the checks to dead people. Even if  we could reduce that $144 billion by 10 percent or 20 percent or 25  percent, we are talking about a very large amount of recurring revenue.   A very simple solution--I suggested this to the White House, which  hasn't responded--we have passed legislation in this body, as you know,  to try to stop sending checks to dead people. There is just one  problem: It was made effective 3 years from now. I had to agree to it  in conference to get the bill passed. There is no good reason for it  other than some lobbyists insisted on it.   President Biden right now, I think, could pick up at least $10  billion, maybe more--we are not sure how much--by just saying:  Effective immediately, my administration is no longer going to send  checks to dead people. I mean, who is going to get mad? Who supports  sending money to dead people? The American people don't.   No. 2, we could repurpose the money--a lot of the money that we have  already appropriated. I have lost count on how much money we have  appropriated for coronavirus--not just on public health but also for  our economy. Look, I voted for many of the bills. I didn't vote for the  last one because I felt the last one was unnecessary, it was too  expensive, and it really wasn't about the coronavirus.   But I think all fairminded people can agree right now on two things:  No. 1, a lot of the money we appropriated in the last coronavirus bill  has not been spent, and No. 2, we are no longer in an economic crisis.  The main crisis we have right now is that our small business women and  small business men can't find workers.   So we are currently not in an economic crisis, and I think we can go  back and take some of that money--and my State, Louisiana is going to  take--some aspects of my State government--it will take them 10 years  to spend all the money we sent to them in the last bill. I can tell  you, given the option in my State, they are going to choose to spend  that money on infrastructure and not on what Congress sent them the  money to spend it on.   No. 3, there is a very interesting study by the CBO taking the  years--I think it was 2013 to 2017. The CBO took the entire Federal  nonmilitary workforce, on which we spend $220 billion a year because we  have to have workers, and they took every job in the Federal Government  and compared it to every equivalent job in the private sector. It was a  massive study. So it is apples to apples. The CBO found that the  Federal Government, on average, pays a Federal worker 17 percent more  annually than we pay the same worker in the private sector.   Now, I won't begrudge anybody a living, but what if we could reduce  that to 15 percent or 12 percent? What if we could just not  automatically fill every vacancy? What if we actually stopped and asked  ourselves, if this position has been vacant for 8 months, maybe we  don't need it. I think there are enormous savings to be had.   The final thing I will point out: Doing is better than having. Doing  is better than having. You are happier when you have earned something  than when somebody has just given it to you.   We are the most generous Nation in all of human history. The American  people spend about $1 trillion a year helping our neighbors and some  folks who are not our neighbors but are less fortunate than we are. But  we spend about $76 billion a year on Medicaid and on food stamps for  adults who are able-bodied, who are 55 years of age and younger, and  who don't have children. Many of them could work. Now, I know there are  obstacles to them being able to work. Maybe they need help looking for  a job. Maybe they need employment counseling. Maybe they need help with  transportation. But we could save enormous amounts of money, and our  citizens, our people, and our neighbors, who are receiving this money,  would be better off if they had a job.  [[Page S2269]]    We don't have to reinvent the wheel. All we have to do is look to  Denmark. Denmark does an extraordinary job. They are very generous in  Denmark with their payments for unemployment, but they also have an  infrastructure set up in government, which we could do, which works  with people to get them a job and to get them off welfare. And Denmark  has saved an enormous amount of money. Let me say it again. Doing is  better than having.   Am I saying we could save 100 percent of that $75 billion? No. I  don't know how much we could save. Nobody else does either because we  have never tried.   Now, in about--I don't know--7 minutes, I have just given you four or  five ideas. I am not suggesting that this is anything. I am not  pretending that I just discovered gravity or something. This isn't  Earth-shaking. I mean, you can find this with just a cursory amount of  research. Just call the folks over at the Congressional Budget Office  and ask them: What are some ways we can save money in our Federal  budget?   I just think we would all feel so much better. I know the American  taxpayer would feel a lot better, if just for a little while, as we  talk about the importance of infrastructure, true infrastructure-- roads, bridges, broadband--if we just spent a little while, as we talk  about infrastructure, on how to pay for it without putting our hand  even further, deeper, and more frequently in the taxpayers' pockets,  because it can be done. I watched the Presiding Officer do it in  Colorado. I have seen too many public officials do it. I think we need  to at least try.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   