 Madam Speaker, I want to thank my friend from  Pennsylvania, Dr. Joyce, for holding this Special Order tonight.   I find myself increasingly concerned with the future of our country,  especially now under the Biden administration, where it has been one  self-inflicted crisis after another.   How have we addressed these situations? Well, we have seen  unprecedented intrusions into our daily lives by the Federal  Government; trillions added to our national debt; and the birth of new,  completely avoidable threats to our national security.   Even this administration's approach to energy unnecessarily threatens  the safety and security of all Americans.   On day one of his administration, President Biden shut down the  Keystone pipeline, costing thousands of jobs, and then turns around to  support Russia's Nord Stream 2 pipeline. Big question mark.   Make no mistake. This is an America last policy. In fact, it could be  America never.   We need an energy policy that gives America greater energy  independence, not one where we are forced to rely on unstable foreign  markets.   We have the resources and technology at home, right here, to give us  that independence, yet Democrat leadership continues to ignore it in  favor of the Green New Deal.   Don't get me wrong. I support energy policies that promote resiliency  and  [[Page H5460]]  sustainability, but I wholeheartedly disagree with the notion that we  need to punish the American energy industry in order to achieve a  healthy environment.   I urge this administration and my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle to focus on real investments in American energy, instead of  policies that make us more dependent on foreign energy sources while  destroying jobs, alienating American industry, and depressing the  hardworking people who continue to strive to keep our country--that is  our country, the United States of America--the premier example of  integrity, innovation, and initiative that leads the world, especially  in safe, affordable energy.   