 Mr. President, I rise to mourn the passing of a  statesman, a patriot, a mentor, a friend, and someone who loved this  institution as much as anybody I know. It was the passing late last  night of Senator John Warner.   I am joined here by my friend of 39 years--now maybe 40--Tim Kaine,  and we are going to go back and forth a little bit as we talk about  someone who played an enormously important role in both of our lives,  both, I can say, on a personal basis and on a political basis, and we  will get some of the basic facts out.   John Warner was 94 years old when he passed. He was born in  Washington, DC, into a family from Amherst, VA. He joined the U.S. Navy  at the age of 18 in the waning days of World War II. He served from  1945 to 1946. He left the military and then rejoined the Marines in  1950, when the Korean war started.   After he left the military, he worked for the U.S. attorney, worked  in private practice, and then got involved in Republican politics in  Virginia at that point.   I think Senator Kaine will probably speak to this. Being involved in  Republican politics in the late fifties and early sixties was the  progressive party in Virginia.   He ended up serving President Nixon as Secretary of the Navy, and he  was the head of the Bicentennial. Then, in 1978, in a campaign that Tim  will probably comment on, he got elected to the U.S. Senate, where he  then served for five terms--30 years.   John Warner was a remarkable guy. He was someone--and I say this,  again, respectfully--who looked the part, who sounded the part. He  could say things that, if they came out of my mouth or even somebody's  as eloquent as Senator Kaine, they might sound a little over the top.  Coming out of John Warner, they always sounded senatorial, thoughtful,  and pretty darned cool.   How I got to know John was in really kind of an unusual way. I was a  little bit active in Democratic politics in the late eighties, early  nineties. Then I had the audacity in 1996 to actually run against John  Warner. By the way, you know, John Warner v. Mark Warner managed to  confuse the hell out of Virginians. The takeaway from that campaign-- and Tim has had to hear this story many times, and John always used to  tell the story as well--is that we had a bumper sticker from the  campaign that simply read--and it was our one good idea--``Mark, not  John.'' It is the honest-to-goodness truth.   I was down in Danville one day, which is near the North Carolina  border, and got in the car, and somebody saw the bumper sticker as I  was trying to shake hands, for I was not that well-known. He looked at  me, and he said: Excuse me. Is that a biblical reference?   There was no divine intervention. The right Warner won that race, and  John Warner got reelected.   The thing that I didn't understand then but that I understand better  now is, after you run against somebody, even in a respectful campaign,  you bear some scars, some bruises, whatever. You know, I got really  close to John Warner in terms of that race. I almost beat him.   Afterward, I was thinking about continuing and maybe trying one more  time, and I thought about running for Governor. John Warner was willing  to become my friend. I got elected Governor. He was a Republican, and I  am a Democrat, and anything I tried to do as Governor that was hard,  like a transportation referendum up here, John Warner was right there  by my side, saying: We are going to do what is right for Virginia.   We had a battle in which our budget was way out of whack, and I had a  2-to-1 Republican legislature. I can still remember sneaking him into  the State capitol so the press corps wouldn't see him, and he got up on  the third floor where the press room was. In a Zeus-like moment, he  said: Politics be damned. We are going to do what is right for  Virginia.   The truth was, we ended up fixing that challenge, and Virginia got  named the best managed State and the best State for business, and we  made record investments in education. I am not sure we would have  gotten there if John Warner had not been willing to use his own  personal political capital, but this was at a time when everybody was  signing those crazy no-new-tax pledges, and John Warner said: Politics  be damned. Let's do what is right for Virginia.   Tim will talk, probably, a little bit about this. I mean, his role as  chair of the Armed Services Committee was legendary, and there is not a  sailor, soldier, marine, or airman anywhere in Virginia--for that  matter, anywhere in the country--who doesn't owe a debt of gratitude to  John Warner.   I live in Alexandria, close to the river. I look out my window each  day and see the Woodrow Wilson Bridge, which, for those of us who live  in this region, was a big bottleneck way in decay. How John Warner got  $1.2 billion for that bridge when it was way down the list in terms of  getting refurbished was maybe a story that can't be told on the Senate  floor.   As John got older, I always said--you know, as I had tried my one  time against him--if you want to stay in this seat, I think you can  stay as long as you want. In 2008, he decided he would go out at the  top of his game. I would go see him, and I know Senator Kaine would, as  well, to always ask for his advice and counsel.   I have two more quick stories, and then I will yield to my friend  Senator Kaine, and we can go back and forth a little bit.   In 2014, I was so extraordinarily honored when John Warner-- Republican senior Senator John Warner--endorsed Mark Warner for the  U.S. Senate. That kind of thing doesn't happen in politics too much  these days. I can remember, up and down through the Shenandoah Valley,  there was one trip on which Senator Kaine and I were campaigning with  John. He was, you know, at that point already in kind of his eighties,  with a walking stick. Let me assure you, we had both been former  Governors and both had kind of thought we knew our stuff, but whenever  John Warner was in the room, we were the junior guys and followed his  lead.   As a matter of fact, in this last campaign, where he endorsed me  again, there was one fundraiser we went to. He introduced me. I did my  little talk. Then he kind of took his walking stick and kind of whacked  me on the shins and said, ``Sit down, Mark. I've got some more to  say,'' and got up and spent 30-plus minutes telling old stories of how  the Senate used to work. I have never been at a fundraiser where people  got more of their money's worth than that night.  [[Page S3472]]    John was also very, very disturbed and concerned about where our  country was headed, the lack of respect for the rule of law, what was  happening to his beloved Republican Party. But he always kept that  burning sense of optimism.   I saw him 4 or 5 weeks ago, pretty frail, but he still, oftentimes  with a pocket square and looking like he had just stepped out of a Hunt  Country magazine, but he was asking about how we could get the Senate  back on track and how we could always continue to put our country  first.   I want to say a couple of other things, but let me yield at this  point to my dear friend Senator Kaine.   We in Virginia were blessed, and our country was blessed, to have  him, and I am going to miss him horribly. But I do know this much: When  I am wrestling with an issue, I often will think: What would John  Warner do? And if I follow that mantra, chances are I am doing the  right thing for Virginia and the right thing for our country.   I will miss him greatly, and I would be happy to yield to my friend  and colleague, the other Senator from Virginia.    Thank you, Senator Reed. I see Senator Thune is here. I  will be very brief.   You mentioned, Senator Reed, about the occasional twinkle in his eye.  I am not sure, again, here is the right time or place to tell the  stories, but that twinkle really lit up when he would talk about some  of his sailing trips with Senator Ted Kennedy and Senator Chris Dodd,  usually also involving stopping at select locations, at selected  moments in time.    And many of them in Rhode Island.   There are two other comments I want to make. One was, again--both of  our political parties sometimes go a little bit awry. But one of the  things that John Warner did--he didn't need to do this. He was a  sitting Senator, well respected, senior. There was a fellow in Virginia  who was getting into politics who had kind of a checkered history.  Sometimes, he was not necessarily always willing to tell the truth. His  name was Oliver North. John Warner did not think that Mr. North had the  personal characteristics that ought to be in a Senator of Virginia, and  at great political risk to himself, he was willing to make that known.  He didn't leave the party--his party--but said that, you know, the  party, his Republican Party, had to stand for principles, truth, and  respect for the rule of law. Again, it is an example of the John Warner  that was so special.    More recently, as Senator Kaine knows, we, in Virginia, have a very  checkered history with race. And in the aftermath of Brown v. Board of  Education, there were a number of school divisions that literally shut  down rather than letting White children go to school with Black  children. And in Prince Edward County, in a little town called  Farmville, which was--a group of Black students had literally done a  walkout, in their case, on the part of Brown v. Board of Education  case. For a couple of years, Black students had no place to go because  they took the public money and put it into private academies, and there  were no public schools, a great blot on the history of Virginia,  leaving these young people--now not so young--when this issue came up  about 2002 or 2003, with a big hole in their education.   So we thought we could maybe end up providing these individuals an  education, give them a couple of years of community college education.  It was a fairly audacious idea. The local editor of the newspaper there  came up with this. And, at first, the legislature, you know, didn't  want to do this. They didn't want to take this on.   So John Warner got on the phone and called one of his friends, John  Kluge, a very successful business guy, and said: Would you put up the  money? It is only a couple of million dollars. And John and I worked  out something, where we said: Let's have Kluge put up a million, and we  will go back to the legislature and shame them into doing the other  million.   And we did that. It was one of the most moving days in my life to see  these individuals who had been cheated out of their education receive  the ability to get an education. And John Warner never wanted an ounce  of credit and, I don't think, even to this day, that story has been  told too many times.   At the close of this, which is--I know I am not supposed to do this,  but I will do this briefly. John Warner appropriately got recognized  for his service, and there is a submarine named after him. And I  remember going to the commissioning. He and his wife Jeanne, they were  so proud of the young men and women who were serving on that boat and  then carried on the kind of sense of patriotism and public service that  he exemplified.   As we have both said, we are going to miss him a lot, but I hope we  will take that sense of his heart and courage and commitment and maybe  rededicate ourselves to trying to follow that kind of example.   With that, I yield the floor.   