 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we are debating a bill that a number of us  have spoken of on a number of occasions. Since my last address on the  Senate floor on this topic, we received a score on the bill from the  Congressional Budget Office.   Now, remember, it is the CBO's role to put together a score on  legislation we are considering. It is part of how the system works in  Washington so we can assess what will and will not add to the deficit  and how it will do so if it does. It is an important part of the  process.   When we finally received the CBO score just about 48 hours ago, we  discovered a few things. We discovered that, despite the  representations we have heard by the bill's staunchest advocates to the  effect that the bill would be paid for--that it is, that it would not  add to the debt and deficit, and that it would not add to the debt and  deficit in a way that also didn't involve raising taxes--it turned out  that the CBO rejected the claim that this bill was paid for. In fact,  the CBO concluded that $256 of the $550 billion it claimed in pay-fors  did not pay. They are not paid for, and thus that they will  considerably--I mean, we are talking here about over a quarter of a  trillion dollars that would go right on to the debt and deficit.   They also concluded that in the long run, over the next 10 years, we  will be looking at an additional $340 billion in cost to the Federal  Government--a cost that by some estimates could reach as high as $400  billion because of the spillover effect that this bill is likely to  have on future spending, contracting authority, and otherwise.   So this bill is not paid for. The pay-fors suggested by the bill's  proponents don't get the job done. In fact, more than half of them  simply don't get there. We do, however, see that there are some of the  pay-fors that create significant policy concerns.   One of the pay-fors that isn't fake is an extension of the so-called  g-fees--g-fees being imposed by entities like Fannie Mae that will  inevitably increase the cost that home buyers will face when they go to  buy a home. Now, why does that matter here? Well, we have seen a  startling uptick in inflation--inflation across the board, everything  from gas to groceries and everything from healthcare to housing. We see  that increasing stunningly in a way that a lot of people are pointing  out, correctly, that first-time home buyers are now finding it very  difficult to get into a home. This is something that is going to end up  affecting all poor and middle-class Americans at a time they can little  afford it. And yet we are increasing these fees--fees that are in  effect a back-door invisible tax on a lot of those who are least in a  position to pay.   Some of the other non-fake pay-fors that actually do bring something  in include an increase in the fees paid by manufacturers and  distributors of certain chemicals. The issue there is that this fee,  while labeled as not a tax--because, technically speaking, it is not a  tax--will end up increasing the price of basically every consumer good  purchased by the American people.   The way these things end up working is that to the tune of about $15  billion or so, Americans will find that pretty much everything they  buy, from apparel to electronics, will get a little more expensive.  They may not see it. In fact, the overwhelming majority of them won't  even know to attribute it to this particular piece of legislation, but  it will have that effect. It will make all Americans a little poorer.  It will make all Americans face the very stark reality in which their  already strapped dollars that they earn will go just a little bit less  far.   We have to remember that from one year to the next, we don't see  dramatic fluctuations in the quantity of goods that the American people  have access to that they may buy. In other words, the U.S. economy is  capable of producing a relatively foreseeable, predictable, somewhat  finite supply of goods in a particular year. When that doesn't change  dramatically from one year to the next, as it almost never does, but  you dramatically increase the money supply in the U.S. economy, then  what you see is that everything gets a little bit more expensive. This  ends up hurting, in particular, America's poor and middle class. It  ends up hurting, in particular, those Americans, including most  Americans who in one way or another live paycheck to paycheck, who in  one way or another depend on the income that they have, and the income  that they have is relatively fixed. So, as a result of that, they don't  get as far.    Now, you have got some Americans, including the wealthiest and well- connected in our society, who may well figure out ways to get wealthy  off of this bill. One way or another, they can play things to their  advantage, and they may make a lot of money off of it.   You have got another category of very wealthy Americans--maybe, you  know, people in the top 1 or 2 percent of income earners--who might  notice that the things they buy are getting more expensive, but it  might not affect them all that much.   But then you have got everyone else, and I mean the vast,  overwhelming majority of all Americans, who, in one way or another,  plan out each year knowing that they have got a relatively finite  amount of money to spend, and that money goes less far when we just  print money to the tune of trillions and trillions of dollars.   Remember, the Federal Government, in recent years, has been spending  about $4 trillion a year. Tragically, even at the top of our economic  cycle, with record low unemployment and with record high growth, we  were still spending $1 trillion a year more than we were bringing in-- bringing in about $3 trillion, spending about $4 trillion. This was  inexcusable then. It would be inexcusable now, except that we are  making it much, much worse.   Last year, we took in about $3 trillion, and we spent $3.6 trillion-- borrowing and then printing close to 4 trillion additional dollars.  What does this do? Well, it makes all Americans just a little bit  poorer, especially those living on a relatively fixed income.   So this is troubling when we do that. We ought to be concerned when  we do that. Inflation numbers that are coming out all the time,  including some that I have heard about the first time today, indicate  that everything is getting more expensive. And what are we doing? Well,  we are on track to spend another $1.2 trillion, including $550 billion  of new spending, which the bill's proponents claim is paid for when  most of it isn't paid for. And that portion of it that is paid for is  in one way or another often paid for in a way that will inure to the  detriment of poor, middle-class Americans. This is concerning.   It is also concerning that one of the other pay-for provisions is the  one focused on cryptocurrency. It focuses on an industry that is  rapidly developing--rapidly developing within the United States--that  depends on a lot of innovation happening in the United States. One of  these pay-for provisions seeks to bring in more revenue to the Federal  Government or at least to promise more revenue to the Federal  Government, with the promise of requiring those who spy and sell  cryptocurrency to treat it the same way as they would the exchange of  securities.   This is very different than securities. These aren't just stocks. It  is something very different. It is a medium of exchange that, if  adopted more widely, could facilitate a lot of economic activity and a  lot of innovation within the United States of America. If, in fact, we  pass this bill, mark my words, it is going to have a chilling effect on  innovation within this sector.   And what you will see is that the flight of innovation and investment  related to innovation to offshore locations around the globe, places  outside the United States, may well be the ones to reap the benefit  associated with the loss here in the United States if we adopt an  unproven, untested, unknown strategy for dealing with something, trying  to adopt many decades-old regulatory policies to a completely new form  of exchange; one that, by the way, values very highly the privacy of  those who exchange it.   So if what you are going to do is take away that value by requiring  that all of it be registered and publicly disclosed and by giving the  Federal Government the ability to peer into it, you are going to stifle  innovation. You are going to make a lot of people upset, and you are  going to make Americans poorer.   At the heart of a lot of this is a concern that the Federal  Government, as  [[Page S6007]]  it takes more and more money, as it prints more and more money, as it  requires Americans to work weeks or months out of every year just to  pay their Federal taxes, only to be told that it is not nearly enough  and it hasn't been enough for many decades because we are nearly $30  trillion in debt--it is still not enough because we are still going to  borrow and print more.   It is insulting to them, and it is especially insulting to them when  you tell them that in connection with the same legislation that also  includes other intrusions into their privacy.   For example, there is a pilot program called for in this legislation  that will be created by this legislation that would be designed  specifically to monitor how many miles someone drives in a year. Now,  this has long been a fantasy of a number of people who would like to  see the Federal Government tracking miles driven by every motorist in  America.   Now, we all know that there is almost no way to achieve this that  wouldn't excessively interfere with the privacy rights of every man,  woman, and child in America. Look, the American people are fine with a  government that makes sure that we are safe from foreign aggressors,  that regulates interstate and foreign commerce, that coins money and  regulates the value thereof, that adopts a uniform set of bankruptcy  laws, immigration laws, protects trademarks, copyrights, and patents.   What they do not want is a nanny. What they do not want is a snooping  device added to every car that will track them; that will track where  they and their families are going. It is none of their darn business.  Keep the Federal Government out of this. Look, whether you want more  government spending or not, chances are, if you are listening to this,  you probably are concerned, regardless of what political hat you wear,  regardless of whom you voted for in recent Presidential or  congressional elections. You probably don't want the Federal Government  in your car monitoring your every move knowing where you are going.    We know that when governments do that, when they start to assume that  everything is government's business, bad things happen. It ends in  tears and wars. That is none of the Federal Government's darn business.  We don't want the Federal Government even developing technology to  start snooping on every person's every move.   Which brings me to yet another intrusion on personal privacy and  liberty in this legislation. Section 24220 calls for the development  and, within just a few years, the formalization and finalization of  regulations that would require passenger vehicles manufactured and sold  within the United States to have a device that would passively measure  the blood alcohol content of the driver and do so in a way that would  inhibit or at least impair the ability of the vehicle to operate if the  vehicle, in its infinite wisdom, was able to ascertain that the blood  alcohol content of the driver was over 0.8.   Now, look, we are all for stopping drunk driving. It is terrible. It  results in countless lives lost. But we can all see a lot of things  that can go wrong with that. Setting aside for a minute the  constitutional implications of the intrusiveness of putting technology  in every passenger vehicle that requires, at the outset, without any  finding that anyone has done anything wrong, that requires you to take  a test mandated by the Federal Government every time you want to do  something as simple as turn on your car--then let's consider what  happens when, with such a technology, which to my knowledge doesn't yet  exist--with such a technology, assuming it is able to come into  existence because of these burdensome regulations in a few years, that  technology, if they are able to develop it, is going to be costly. Who  does that hurt? Well, you guessed it. Poor and middle-class Americans  who will all of a sudden find that every passenger vehicle will become  a lot more expensive. It is just the way it works.   When we mandate the creation of new Federal regulations, and those  Federal regulations apply to any new automobile sold in the United  States, the price of new automobiles goes up. And in the case of a  particularly novel and particularly sophisticated technology like this  one, I suspect it will go up a lot.   This may not be troubling to the millionaires and billionaires out  there who don't feel the pinch of that, but to everyone else, the 99  percent of all Americans--more than that, I suppose--this hurts.  Moreover, what happens when that technology malfunctions? Not if but  when. Look, we have all had cars that will malfunction for one reason  or another, and oftentimes it is basic security devices, something as  simple as that annoying beeper that goes off until you put your  seatbelt on. Sometimes some people will put their seatbelt on, and it  still pings. That is a terribly annoying nuisance when that happens.  The consequences are much more deeply felt; they are much more severe  if someone gets in the car, whether it is to go to work, to come home  from work, to take a loved one to the doctor or the hospital, and it  doesn't work.   Look, glitches happen, and if you are talking about adding an  override to a vehicle--you know, maybe that override to the vehicle  mistakenly thinks that it smells alcohol, maybe it doesn't like the  aftershave or cologne you are wearing on that particular day, maybe the  whole thing stops working, and your car stops working with it. This  isn't one of those things where you can just open up the hood and find  the presence of an on-off switch, as Jerry Seinfeld might have put it  many years ago. No, this is much more sophisticated technology that the  average, hard-working American isn't going to be able to fix quickly.  They won't even be able to see it. There again, they are going to face  more costs as they take their vehicle into the shop to have it  evaluated by a certified technician capable of dealing with that  brandnew, very sophisticated, very expensive technology.   So with each of these things, we see something of a common theme. The  Federal Government, which already plays too prominent a role in too  many people's lives, which is already taxing us too much, spying on us  too much, and considering everything under the Sun its business--we are  making even more things its business, from cryptocurrency to where and  how far you drive your car, to whether you can operate your car at all.  We are doing all of this so that we can spend even more Federal money  on even more Federal infrastructure projects, which are even more  expensive by virtue of the fact that we are dealing with Federal  dollars, for the simple reason that compliance with all the Federal  regulations that accompany the expenditure of Federal infrastructure  dollars costs a lot of money. In many States like mine, it can cost 20,  30 percent, sometimes even more, on top of what it would cost if these  were just State revenues that they were spending.   So I would ask the question: Is it worth it? I would ask the  question: Do we want Big Brother knowing our every move? I would ask  the question: Do we want a government that is already requiring you to  work weeks or months out of every year just to pay your Federal taxes?  Do you want it printing even more money, making sure that the dollars  that you spend, which are finite, limited, and sacred, will go even  less far? I think not, and I urge my colleagues who support this  legislation to reconsider.   