 Madam Speaker, I thank Vice Chairman Johnson, my good  friend from Louisiana, for yielding.   Madam Speaker, no matter how hard the White House attempts to spin  this economic crisis as a high-class problem, our Nation's financial  future is in shambles because of the Biden administration's policies  and it affects all of us.   Inflation continues to climb ahead of the holiday season hitting a  13-year high just last week. From the gas pump to the grocery store,  Americans are paying more for just about everything while they are  working less. Despite having over 10 million job openings across the  country, only 194,000 jobs were added last month, making September  President Biden's worst jobs report since taking office.   Instead of putting the brakes on spending, Biden and his allies in  Congress are carelessly adding fuel to the inflationary fire by  advancing their $1.2 trillion--only 9 percent--infrastructure bill, and  $4.3 trillion Big Government socialist spending package. So  [[Page H5710]]  in the face of an economic catastrophe, Democrats are gearing up to  spend a whopping $5.5 trillion on their liberal wish list. That is  wrong for small businesses. That is wrong for hardworking people across  the country, and that is just wrong for America.   Squandering trillions of dollars for unpopular, radical, and  dangerous policies, while imposing a $2.1 trillion tax hike to pay for  it, will only inflame the current economic crisis and burden Americans  with more financial instability.    How many more empty shelves will it take and record-high gas prices-- yes, look, $3.30 per gallon is where we are right now. That is a 50  percent increase from where we were for the last 4 years under the  Trump administration. How many more struggling Americans will it take  for the Biden administration to get serious about this economic crisis  and call it a crisis, and act like it is a crisis?   For the sake of our country, I call on President Biden to join us.  Reverse course and work with Republican lawmakers to get our economy  back on track.   