 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Pallone, Chairwoman  Schakowsky, Representative McNerney, Ranking Member Rodgers, Ranking  Member Bilirakis, and Representative Guthrie for bringing forward these  key bills on technology.   Emerging technologies like artificial intelligence, blockchain  technologies, and cryptocurrency are playing a growing importance in  our daily lives and are going to be an economic driver for the 21st  century economy.   Blockchain, in essence, is a fixed ledger. Once you add data or a  transaction, it cannot be changed. Therefore, it makes the data have  integrity and makes sure that, as we are doing transactions and adding  data over the internet, it can't be changed and that there is certainty  to it. That is why it is so critical.   Then once we add AI to analyze this fixed data, we could help solve  some of the largest problems that we face as a nation: healthcare,  climate change, to be two examples; the delivery of personal protection  equipment during a pandemic.   And, of course, cryptocurrency allows for small businesses, in  particular, to provide services across the world without the  transaction costs of exchanging currencies. It will help with  remittances and other ways that we can modernize our economy.   It is essential that the United States continue to be a global leader  in these emerging technologies to ensure our democratic values remain  at the forefront of this technological development. Authoritarian  regimes like China and Russia are investing heavily in these areas. It  is absolutely critical for the free world to invest and to win the  future in these areas.   Also, as a responsible global leader, the United States must strike  the appropriate balance of providing an environment that fosters  innovation while ensuring appropriate consumer protection.   That is why I am proud to work with Representative McNerney on H.R.  3723. It includes parts of the Digital Taxonomy Act and all of the  Blockchain Innovation Act. As many of you know, blockchain technology  will be helpful in the ways we discussed already.   First, H.R. 3639, the Blockchain Innovation Act, directs the  Department of Commerce, in consultation with the FCC, to conduct a  study and submit to Congress a report on the state of blockchain  technology in commerce, including its use to reduce fraud and increase  security.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Guthrie for cosponsoring and co- introducing this bill. This is a first step toward a long-term goal of  setting up a Blockchain Center of Excellence in the Department of  Commerce.   In addition, the Digital Taxonomy Act requires a similar report from  the FCC to report recommendations on deceptive practices, and the  relationship between the FTC, FCC, and the CFTC.  [[Page H2947]]    Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Davidson for his cosponsorship.   When we look at market volatility, the use of cryptocurrency for  ransomware in recent attacks like the Colonial Pipeline and tax  evasion, it is critical that we get in on the front end of this.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to work with Representative McNerney, and I  urge support for H.R. 3723.   