 Madam President, I couldn't be prouder to stand in  the Senate Chamber today and speak on behalf of Miguel Cardona, shortly  to be confirmed by this body as the next Secretary of Education.   Miguel Cardona is a man of deep commitment to his community and, with  pride, a product of the Connecticut education system. I couldn't be  prouder to support him because President Biden couldn't have made a  better choice to be the next Secretary of Education.   Miguel Cardona's story is inspiring and compelling, a testament to  the extraordinary support he has enjoyed from his parents, from the  community of Puerto Rico, who lived in Meriden, the support he enjoyed  from the public schools and institutions of higher education in  Connecticut. His powerful and compelling story should be inspiring to  all America because he has lived the American dream. And for anyone  whose language may be something other than English as their first  language, he has shown that people coming to our public schools, with  English as their second language, should see no bounds to what they can  accomplish.   He came to the public schools of Meriden as a second-language learner  of English. He was raised in Meriden by Puerto Rican parents. He found  an early passion for education. And his skill and dedication went  beyond his own life. He did extraordinarily well and attended two  Connecticut institutions of higher education--Central Connecticut State  University and the University of Connecticut--eventually earning his  doctorate in education. But he went back to Meriden. He dedicated his  life to the education of others, beginning as a fourth grade teacher in  Meriden and then becoming principal--the youngest in the State--and  eventually assistant superintendent before just about a year ago being  appointed as commissioner of education in the State of Connecticut.   His climbing looks meteoric and miraculous, but it was based on hard  work and a dedication and passion to education for others, because he  saw it in his own life and how it enabled him to live the American  dream.   For all of his accomplishments and that meteoric rise, he has  remained deeply rooted in the Meriden community, deeply committed to  his roots in Puerto Rico, and deeply committed to his family. His  parents, who should be so proud of him, are an inspiration to all of us  who know them and who have seen their work in Meriden continue. Even as  he has climbed the professional ladder, they have remained rooted and  active and energetic in benefiting others in Meriden.   So to his parents, I say thank you for sharing with us Miguel. To his  family, thank you for supporting him throughout his enormous journey  and adventure.   His extraordinary accomplishments have led him to this place of  consummate prominence in the educational professional community, and  now he will do great things for the cause of education in our country,  not just Connecticut.   His service never stopped in the classroom. He brought that knowledge  of what happens in the classroom to establish policy in Connecticut in  an enormously challenging time. He took over as commissioner of  education on February 26, 2020, at the time of COVID-19 lockdowns and  school closures, which began just a couple of weeks after he assumed  that responsibility.   But as he has done throughout his educational and professional  career, he consistently reaffirmed his commitment to students, parents,  and teachers because they are the core of our educational system,  especially students who have been potentially left behind. His bold  vision and dedication to students and their families is exactly what we  need now in an Education Secretary, providing direction and support to  our Nation's public schools--direction and support after a time when  leadership was so sorely lacking and commitment to public education was  so unfortunately inadequate.   As we know, COVID-19 has challenged educators, students, families,  and school administrators, day in and day out, during this very  difficult and painful period. Disadvantaged students who lack support  and resources at home have been left behind. Teachers are strained and  stressed by changing environments and a lack of resources. Parents are  concerned and overwhelmed, managing their children's schooling and  their own work at home. Students in higher education are drowning in  student debt that has left them crippled financially and unsure about  their future.   These challenges pose a grave threat to the future of our children  and our educational system, and we need a leader just like Dr.  Cardona--one whom we have lacked, one who can regain our Nation's trust  and reestablish faith in the leadership of our educational community at  the very top in the Department of Education.   He is someone who will put students back on their feet, in their  confidence and their trust in education. He is someone who will put  teachers, parents, and students first, above special interests, because  he has lived American education as the American dream.   In Connecticut, he has seen firsthand in his own life how education  can transform futures and enable all of us, through our children, to  live the American dream just as he has done. And he  [[Page S917]]  will do it in a way that is inclusive, that respects the drive for  racial justice, because he has lived that movement in his own life--the  movement for racial justice. To end disparities and inequities are part  of Miguel Cardona's agenda because it is his life. It is in his DNA,  and it is part of his heritage and his family. And that is the reason  why I am so proud of his success, but also of his vision and his  dedication to the future of American education.   I urge my colleagues to vote yes for his confirmation. You will be  proud you did, just as I am proud to stand here in support of him. He  has lived the American dream, and he will open it through his vision  and his courage for countless other young people who desperately need  that faith in their country and its schools.   Today, American public education has a future that is bright and  promising with Miguel Cardona's leadership. I am proud to say he is a  product of Connecticut. His roots are there, and so is his vision and  hope and faith.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, in this impeachment trial, every  Senator was a juror, but also a witness and victim of the violent  insurrection Donald Trump incited. The case was straightforward. Former  President Trump instigated an armed riot seeking to overthrow a lawful  election and possibly even injure or assassinate elected officials.   I spent most of my career enforcing laws, including two decades as  Connecticut's attorney general. In this  [[Page S945]]  role, I learned the power and the significance of accountability. When  wrongdoers enjoy impunity for their actions, they and others like them  are emboldened.   The first time former President Trump was impeached by the House, he  had pressured a foreign government to corrupt the American election  process, extorting a vulnerable, fledgling democracy to help him cheat  in a Presidential election.   This time, former President Trump's attack on American democracy was  more direct and violent. The insurrectionists forced us to flee for our  lives, to place desperate, seemingly final calls to loved ones. A  Capitol police officer died protecting us.   I have the same fear now, only greater, that I felt at the close of  former President Trump's last impeachment. By again refusing to hold  former President Trump accountable, the Senate is paving the way for  another would-be tyrant to break laws and norms to retain power.   We in the Senate are obligated to uphold our oaths to support and  defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic. Our  oaths obligate us to hold former President Trump to account for his  incitement of a violent attack on the U.S. Capitol, the symbol of  American democracy around the world.   The case against Donald Trump was proven convincingly with videos and  voice recordings so powerful that this printed word can never capture  their force. The former President's offense in this case is as  dangerous as it is straightforward. He spent months of his Presidency  telling and retelling the ``Big Lie.'' The lie that no matter how the  American people voted at the ballot box, he was the only legitimate  winner of the 2020 Presidential election. That the election was stolen  from him, that anyone who disagrees is un-American, a traitor.   As Manager Lieu explained at trial, at a certain point in his efforts  to undermine the 2020 election, ``Trump ran out of non-violent options  to retain power.''   Donald Trump encouraged, emboldened, and even helped build a mob of  violent extremists that he invited to Washington, DC, and incited to  storm the Capitol. While some Members of Congress were serving the  former President in seeking to subvert American democracy by objecting  to vote counting, Trump was imploring the mob to do the same. He told  supporters to ``never give up'' on the ``Big Lie.'' He told them that  ``this election was stolen from you, from me, from the country.'' He  said, ``if you don't fight, you are not going to have a country  anymore.'' He told the insurrectionists to go to the Capitol, and he  even lied to them that he would be going with them.   The resulting violence, clearly foreseeable, was horrifying. They  marched to the Capitol. Rioters broke windows and breached the  building. They killed a 42-year-old Capitol Hill police officer and Air  Force veteran, Brian Sicknick. They did stop the vote counting, if only  temporarily. They injured many.   Members of Congress removed congressional pins to avoid  identification from the mob. Senators ran from the Senate Chamber. They  ran for their lives. Rioters flew a Confederate flag, a symbol of hate  that did not fly in the Capitol even at the height of the Civil War.   Donald Trump watched this deadly attack unfold with glee from the  Oval Office. On national TV, he told the insurrectionists that he loved  them. ``I know you're hurt,'' he consoled the rioters. ``We love you.  You're very special.'' He did not lift a finger to help anyone  threatened with violence, including his Vice President.   As a result of former Donald Trump's incitement, an angry mob stormed  the Capitol with every intent to harm elected officials and disrupt the  peaceful transfer of power. Not only has the world lost Brian Sicknick,  two other Capitol Police officers have died by suicide. Several members  of the mob were killed.   The Senate's failure to convict increases the specter of another  would-be tyrant, as well as Donald Trump, seeking again to mobilize a  mob to overthrow democracy. Violent extremism has been emboldened. It  is a present, immediate danger.   My colleagues know that former President Trump lost the 2020  Presidential election. They know that more than 60 courts tossed out  his attempts to drum up baseless allegations of voter fraud. They know  that the director of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency,  a lifelong Republican, certified the election was safe and secure. And  they know that former President Trump incited the insurrectionists to  attack the Capitol on January 6.   Democracy is not our default state of being. Democracy thrives only  so long as the institutions that support it thrive. And democratic  institutions will only thrive and persist through hard work, active  work, dedicated work of our elected officials. For 4 years, former  President Trump continuously attacked our basic norms and institutions  of democracy. For 4 years, he normalized chaos. Our job now-- Republicans, Democrats, Independents--is to restore. We must dedicate  ourselves to restoring the rule of law, the protections of rights, and  the integrity of institutions. And that task starts with accountability  for all those who perpetrated the damage.   