 Mr. Speaker, the problem is drought, and the problem is  currently being suffered by some 70 million people across the Western  United States, including many in my district.   Reservoirs, creeks, springs, and wells are going dry, leaving fish,  people, wildlife, homes, and agriculture without water.   Republican Members have been working hard to bring attention to this  issue. We organized a Republican water forum where we spoke with expert  witnesses from across the West who are dealing with this issue every  day. They are the ones from the communities directly affected.   This problem does not exist in a vacuum. Drought makes wildfires far  more severe, and severe wildfires destroy watersheds, in turn making us  even more  [[Page H4275]]  vulnerable to drought. This horrific cycle will only continue until we  find a better way to manage our forests. I think Ranking Member  Westerman's forest resilience bill takes a huge step in that direction.   My district right now is experiencing the third largest wildfire so  far in the State's history. It has burned some 400,000 acres and is now  only 56 percent contained.   Some of my colleagues here are facing equally dangerous, destructive  wildfires in their own districts, all worsened by the drought.   The effects of this drought are devastating. Crops die in the fields,  entire herds of cattle are being liquidated, trees and shrubs die from  lack of water, home wells go dry, businesses leave, and communities are  devastated. We need to do something.   Briefly, I want to talk about the drought in the Klamath, which is in  my district. I spoke earlier this summer about the situation and how  the Bureau of Reclamation announced that earlier this year for the  first time in the Klamath Project's history, there would be no water  allocation to its largest part.   This decision to allocate all of the water that the farmers had  stored for their use instead to in-stream use is devastating to the  people who live in those communities. Their livelihoods depend upon  having adequate water.   But this is, in the Klamath, a regulatory drought because there is  sufficient water in a lake that if shared would have at least offset  some of this damage. This illustrates the challenge posed by the  Endangered Species Act, which was the foundation for the decision by  the Bureau of Reclamation to allocate all of the water to in-stream and  in-lake purposes, with none of the water going to the farmers.   I have asked the Secretary of the Interior and other Department of  the Interior officials repeatedly to allocate at least a small part of  the 350,000 acre-feet of water to the project. Those requests have been  denied.   This denial has not only harmed the farmers. It has also harmed  waterfowl who reside in a refuge in the center of the project. Last  year we had more water than we do this year, and even then waterfowl  suffered devastating botulism outbreaks. This will happen again this  year and, sadly, this is totally preventable if at least a small part  of the water was allocated to the district.   The short-term solution would be a financial relief package that  Representative LaMalfa and I are working on. I do hope that we will be  successful in getting that passed. The long-term solution, though, is  to engage in far more careful storage of water and utilizing other  means of conservation and finally bringing balance to the Endangered  Species Act.   I would like to thank Ranking Member Westerman for organizing this  Special Order hour to bring attention to this incredibly important  problem in the West. It is time for both parties to put politics aside  and get to work on this issue.   