 Mr. President, in 2017, Republicans reformed the Tax  Code in a traditional sense. We broadened the tax base by reducing tax  preferences for special interests in favor of lower overall tax rates.   We also had several other goals, including maintaining the  progressivity of the Tax Code, cutting taxes across all income groups-- predominantly for the middle class--and making our business tax system  globally competitive. We were able to accomplish each of these goals in  that 2017 tax bill.   On average, taxpayers across all levels saw a tax cut. Middle-income  taxpayers saw the largest percentage decrease in their tax bills. Also,  we not only maintained the progressivity of our Tax Code, we made it  more progressive.   Moreover, the bill brought our business tax system and rates in line  with the rest of the world. You just heard Senator Sasse speak  brilliantly about that point. It put an end to the practice of  corporations moving headquarters offshore to avoid paying the highest  tax rate in the developed world.   In the process, it incentivized American businesses to invest here at  home and made America a more attractive place for foreign companies to  locate.   Now, prepandemic, these reforms resulted in the highest economic  growth,  [[Page S6570]]  the lowest unemployment, and the biggest wage gains that we had seen in  decades. So when you talk about what the Democrats are proposing  through reconciliation, it is kind of like they are ready to kill the  goose that laid the golden egg.   Now we are post-COVID. Democrats assert a massive expansion of  government is necessary to, in their words, build back better. But that  is exactly backwards. America will build back better post-pandemic, but  it won't be because of the government. In fact, it is already happening  due to the perseverance of the American people and the ingenuity of the  American entrepreneurs and job creators.   Unfortunately, the tax bill unveiled by Ways and Means last week will  only hinder our path back to the prosperity that we had prior to  February 2020. Their bill is the exact opposite of tax reform. It would  raise marginal tax rates on individuals and small businesses to a level  not seen since before the 1986 tax act.   Moreover, our corporate tax rate would once again be the highest  among our major trading partners. These tax hikes will slow our  recovery from the pandemic, and it will reduce capital investment; and  it takes capital investment to create jobs. So it will result in fewer  jobs, and it is also going to result in reduced wages beyond the  reduced wages that is already happening because inflation is heating  up. It will reinvigorate corporate inversions with major companies  fleeing overseas.   In conjunction with raising tax rates, they narrow the tax rate base  in favor of social and corporate welfare handouts. Now, I say handouts  because the majority of their bill's $1.2 trillion in tax cuts aren't  reductions but turn out to be pure spending.   According to the Joint Committee on Taxation, $689 billion--or 57  percent--of their so-called tax cuts are actually outlays. That is a  fancy way of saying Treasury is going to write the individual or  businesses a check that may exceed their taxes that they had otherwise  paid.   This is turning our tax laws and the mission of the Internal Revenue  Service on its head. No longer would the Tax Code primarily be raising  revenue necessary to fund essential governments. In fact, it would be  about doling out cash to those that Democrats consider worthy.   Given their rhetoric, you might think that these types of cash  payments would be reserved for low- to moderate-income individuals and  families. But, even very wealthy individuals buying electric cars,  millionaires investing in green energy projects, and multibillion- dollar corporations will be in line for Federal checks.   This is astonishing coming from a party claiming to be outraged by  wealthy individuals and profitable corporations paying zero tax. As  recently as March of this year, President Biden castigated Amazon for  not paying ``a single solitary penny in federal income tax[es].'' If he  finds that unacceptable, then he should be beside himself about this  Democrat tax proposal.   Under their tax bills, a company such as Amazon would have an  effective tax rate of not just zero, but negative. In other words,  favored companies could receive a check from the government in excess  of any income taxes owed. Meanwhile, disfavored groups would be left to  pick up the tab. This includes Iowa family farmers, who could see their  years of hard work taxed away as a result of the death tax exemption  being slashed in half.   What I have outlined here is a small sample of concerns that I have  with the House proposal. Their bill is so chock-full of tax giveaways,  counterproductive tax policies, and punitive tax hikes that one former  Democrat Senate staffer is quoted in the publication of POLITICO  calling the House approach--in that person's words--``laughable.''   I hope my Senate colleagues do better. It will be hard for them to do  any worse.   I yield the floor.   