 Mr. President, last week, the world saw something that it  had never seen before: surfing as an Olympic sport. The story of how  this happened begins with a native Hawaiian named Duke Kahanamoku.   Duke was a natural athlete. He learned to swim at Waikiki Beach, and  he went on to win five Olympic swimming medals, including three golds.  He was an innovator who pioneered something called the ``Kahanamoku  kick,'' or the flutter kick, now used by most freestyle swimmers.   He was a visionary who, after winning gold at the 1912 Stockholm  Olympics, pressed the International Olympic Committee to make surfing  an Olympic sport. He traveled the world to promote surfing, bringing it  to the continental United States and Australia and elsewhere, and  became known as the father of modern surfing.   But, more than anything else, Duke Kahanamoku was an ambassador of  aloha and the spirit of Hawaii. A reporter once asked him if it was a  bigger thrill to win gold medals or ``ride some of those giant waves,''  and he answered that surfing was a bigger thrill.   One century later, Duke's vision of Olympic surfing became reality,  and there is nothing more fitting than Hawaii's own Carissa Moore  winning the first Olympic Gold Medal.   If you want to see what the embodiment of aloha looks like, look no  further than Carissa Moore. Like Duke, she shares his native Hawaiian  roots and started surfing at Waikiki Beach as a young child. By the  time she reached high school, she was already world-class.   She attended my alma mater, Punahou, a school that has graduated more  than 30 Olympians and President Obama. Carissa also became the youngest  person ever to win a world surfing title, at age 18, and went on to win  three more.   Today, she stands alone as the world's top-ranked surfer, but it is  not just talent that sets her apart. There is a saying that the best  surfer is the one having the most fun, and that is unquestionably the  case with Carissa. She is actually the best surfer, and she is also  having the most fun.   She has this incredible combination of speed and power in the water  and a remarkable humility that she carries with her everywhere that she  goes. She is an intense competitor who wants to win every event that  she enters but also wants to see her opponents and, more importantly,  the sport of surfing itself succeed.   She has a passion to be admired and a joy that is infectious. She is,  in short, the rare athlete who must be seen to be believed. And I know  because I have seen it in Hawaii, and now the whole world knows too.   After she won the gold medal last week, Carissa spoke of Duke  Kahanamoku. ``It was beautiful to see his dream come true a century  later,'' she said. She might as well have been speaking for all of  Hawaii.   So, today, we honor Duke and the incredible legacy that he left. We  honor Carissa Moore for her athleticism and her commitment to inspire  the next generation of surfers, especially young girls, and we  celebrate the sport of surfing finally getting the recognition that it  deserves.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   