 Mr. President, the essence of any American President's  job is set forth in the oath he or she swears--an oath that the  Founders considered so fundamental that they put it in the  Constitution. And that job is to preserve, protect, and defend the  Constitution of the United States.   A President who violates that oath has committed an impeachable  offense. That is a truth. There can be no reasonable dispute that a  President who fails at this basic responsibility is unfit to remain in  office and cannot and should not be permitted to hold that office  again.   Not only did Donald Trump fail to uphold his oath, he took steps  intended to violate it. It wasn't mere negligence. It wasn't even  recklessness. Donald Trump engaged in an active, willful, intentional  attack on our Constitution and our democracy.   Donald Trump incited to violence and riot a mob that attacked the  U.S. Capitol and our government. That is a high crime and misdemeanor.  We all saw and heard the evidence during the trial. The video. The  audio. The tweets. The statements. The affidavits.   Months before the election, Donald Trump laid the groundwork for this  insurrection, arguing he would only lose the election if there were  fraud. After he lost, he repeated over and over again the ``Big Lie''  that the election was stolen. He agitated his supporters who falsely  and wrongly believed that the election was rigged.   Trump beckoned a mob to Washington for a rally when he knew the  Congress would be counting the electoral ballots. Trump's people knew  from law enforcement bulletins and intelligence that the mob was armed  and dangerous. Yet, he riled them up and then sent them up Pennsylvania  Avenue to the Capitol. That rally became an orgy of violence and hate.  Mayhem and destruction ensued, all in Donald Trump's pursuit of staying  in office beyond his term. Of ignoring our Constitution. Of preventing  a peaceful transfer of power. Of promulgating the Big Lie. Donald Trump  did not express horror or outrage at the scenes playing out live on  television. He did not quickly and decisively urge his supporters to  stop. He did not immediately call out the National Guard. He did not  show any concern for the law enforcement officers being beaten, maimed,  and even killed at the Capitol. He reportedly delighted in what was  happening, unable to comprehend why others were not excited about it  like he was. And he has never shown any remorse or an ounce of  contrition or taken any responsibility. Instead, he  [[Page S947]]  has maintained that he acted perfectly appropriately.   The Senate of the United States sat as an Impeachment Court, with  Democrats and Republicans serving as jurors. But the vast majority of  those Republicans were more interested in fealty to Donald Trump than  loyalty to our country. They were more concerned about Trump's base  than basic justice. They were willing to ignore the truth to embrace  the Big Lie.   I had hoped the House managers would call witnesses. Clearly, there  were individuals with direct knowledge of Trump's state of mind during  the insurrection, the danger at the Capitol as it unfolded, and his  support of it. But even before we debated potential witnesses,  Republicans had made up their minds. They were unmoving in their fealty  to Trump. Republicans were willfully blind to the truth and the facts  of the case.   The rioters wanted to kill Vice President Pence and House Speaker  Pelosi. They told us so. We know that the west side of the Capitol was  breached around 2 p.m. and that the rioters had overrun the Capitol. We  know that the mob was approaching the Senate floor when our session was  abruptly recessed at 2:13 p.m. We know that Vice President Pence was  whisked off the Senate floor and that he was in mortal danger, as were  all Members of Congress in their Chambers doing their constitutional  duty. We know that all this was playing out in real time on television  and that Donald Trump had to know it was happening. And yet, about 10  minutes later, at 2:24 p.m., knowing all this, Donald Trump tweeted an  attack at his own Vice President. ``Mike Pence did not have the courage  to do what should have been done to protect our Country and our  Constitution.'' And we know that around 2:26 p.m., Donald Trump called  Senator Tuberville not to ascertain what was happening, not ask how the  Vice President was or to offer aid and assistance against the  insurrection. No, Trump called to ask Senator Tuberville to delay the  certification. It is clear whose side Donald Trump was on.   There is no First Amendment defense to what Donald Trump did. The  First Amendment has no application in an impeachment proceeding, which  does not seek to punish unlawful speech, but to protect the Nation from  a President who has violated his oath of office.   But even if the First Amendment applied, even if we bought Trump's  lawyers' bogus claims that the First Amendment can be a defense, the  argument utterly fails. Trump's lawyers relied on the Supreme Court's  decision in Brandenburg v. Ohio, but Brandenburg explained that the  First Amendment protects advocacy, ``except where such advocacy is  directed to inciting imminent lawless action and is likely to incite or  produce such action.'' Once the Capitol was breached, the lawless  action was no longer imminent, it was actual. And Donald Trump was  still tweeting words of encouragement to the rioters. There was a siege  actually happening in the Capitol. There was no longer rhetorical  fighting; there was actual fighting. On television. Live for everyone  to see.   The House managers proved their case with facts and evidence. Donald  Trump incited and relished in an effort to violently overthrow our  government. He invited. He incited. He delighted.   Anyone who is opposed to abolishing the filibuster need only look at  the vote to acquit and see how Republicans willfully blinded themselves  to truth and facts in fealty to Trump and their party. Their votes to  acquit once again show our hurdles to progress: Republican political  calculations and their dereliction to truth and justice.   The final tally on the vote to acquit does nothing to reassure me  that Republicans are willing to work together and transcend party  politics. Republicans had the opportunity to recognize that faith in  the Constitution is a faith that we all share. Instead, they ignored  the Constitution for a Big Lie. How can we expect them to work in good  faith with Democrats to respond to the big challenges facing our Nation  when they refuse to accept undeniable facts?   The only reasonable conclusion based on the evidence presented at the  trial was that Donald Trump committed an impeachable offense, should  have been convicted, and should have been barred from holding future  office. Republicans refused to accept or acknowledge that. I fear that  with their votes to acquit, they have sown the seeds of another violent  attack on our Constitution and our democracy.   