 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, 3 months ago, for the first time in the history of  Congress, Speaker Pelosi vetoed   Jim Jordan and me from serving on the  Select Committee to Investigate the January 6th Attack on the United  States Capitol.   Not all firsts are worth celebrating. It was a shameful and divisive  decision with real consequences. Today, because of that decision, there  is no committee conducting a legitimate investigation into January 6.  Congress is prohibited from conducting criminal investigations, period.   But that is exactly what the select committee is doing, conducting an  illicit, criminal investigation into American citizens. Steve Bannon  was a private citizen before, after, and during January 6.   So why is the select committee interested in Steve Bannon?   It is simple. He is a Democratic Party bogeyman. The select committee  despises Steve Bannon's politics, so they are abusing their power to  put him in jail.   The committee explained it is seeking documents from Mr. Bannon  because he helped ``construct and participated in'' the permitted and  legal Stop the Steal rally.   To date, the select committee has subpoenaed 11 other private  citizens for organizing the Stop the Steal rally.   Here, in the land of the free, 12 American citizens are under  congressional investigation for the sole crime of planning a legal  political protest. Never in the history of Congress has a committee or  a political party stooped so low.   Congress has no authority to conduct criminal investigations.  Congress can only issue subpoenas to serve a legislative purpose.   The question that the committee must answer is: Why are they seeking  information about a permitted political rally?   What legislative purpose does that serve?   Is the committee considering laws to limit Americans' right to  political protest?   It is clear that the select committee doesn't give a lick about  Congress' subpoena authority.   Does the committee share the same disdain for the First Amendment?   I wouldn't put it past them. As we all know, the Department of  Justice has a highly active criminal investigation into the January 6  attack. They have made something like 600 arrests--as I said, very  active, even hyperactive, compared to the Biden Department of Justice's  typical reaction to political violence. But the Department of Justice's  investigation isn't comprehensive.   There are still questions that only Congress can answer. Congress  still has a role to play, but the select committee has completely  abandoned that role.   Why else does the select committee want to hear from Mr. Bannon?   Because on January 5, Mr. Bannon warned that ``all hell was going to  break loose tomorrow.''   So according to the select committee, no person could have predicted  that violence might occur that day. According to the committee, that  because Mr. Bannon warned of violence on the 5th is proof that Mr.  Bannon had ``foreknowledge'' of the attack on the 6th.   Never mind that the FBI found that the attack wasn't coordinated.  Never mind that the Capitol Police received actionable intelligence  about potential violence occurring weeks before the 6th. Never mind  that every Member of Congress, every single D.C. resident, and every  American with internet access knew that violence was a possibility on  January 6.   The question the committee should be asking is this: How did the  United States Capitol Police, the D.C. Metropolitan Police, and the FBI  all have no  [[Page H5760]]  clue that ``all hell was going to break loose?''   Steve Bannon, a private citizen, knew.   So why didn't the Capitol Police have enough riot shields?   Why did it take multiple hours to deploy the National Guard?   These are worthwhile questions, and Congress has a duty to answer  them because January 6 was an enormous intelligence failure. There was  a breakdown in security, a breakdown that was repeated on Good Friday  when Officer Billy Evans was brutally murdered.   The issues that plagued the Capitol Police on January 6 have not been  fixed. In fact, according to a Capitol Police whistleblower, the  officers most responsible for the intelligence failure on the 6th were  promoted by Speaker Pelosi's team.    To be clear, the select committee is engaged in an unconstitutional,  political investigation. It is a sham investigation conducted by a sham  committee that refuses to answer real questions about what happened on  January 6.   The Capitol was attacked, and instead of figuring out what went  wrong, the committee launched its own attack on Congress' norms.   The Select Committee's politicization of January 6 cuts both ways.  The committee's inaction has made the Capitol less secure, and the  committee's actions have further separated Congress from its  constitutional role.   The American people and the United States Capitol Police deserve a  real investigation into the 6th, and the select committee has abandoned  them.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to make the moral vote. Do  the right thing. I urge Members to vote for the rule of law, for the  institution of Congress, and against the select committee's dangerous  abuse of Congress' oversight authority.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, no one has said that the select committee doesn't have  a legislative purpose.   Let's be very clear. There is important work that, frankly, we wish  they were doing; like answering, why was this campus left unprotected?  And what are we doing to keep it from happening again? That hasn't  happened yet.   What we are saying is that the subpoenas that have so far been issued  do not ask for information that would meet any legitimate legislative  purpose.   Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from the great State of Illinois (Mr. Rodney Davis).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, you don't have to look far to realize the absurdity of  what is happening in Congress today. In fact, Politico just reported  moments ago that the Capitol Police whistleblower is telling us-- telling Politico--that they have not been contacted by the January 6  select committee.   The Capitol Police whistleblower said that the United States Capitol  Police deserves more scrutiny than it has gotten so far and that he  would talk to investigators if they reach out to him. And the select  committee has not reached out to the Capitol Police whistleblower.   Yet, here we are today focused on holding a private citizen in  contempt, an unprecedented action by this sham committee and their sham  investigation.   Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to my colleague from Florida (Mr.  Gaetz).    Madam Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Jordan).    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   