 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from  Pennsylvania for yielding me the time and for her distinguished service  on the Rules Committee.   Madam Speaker, the standard we have set is simple. When a Member uses  taxpayer money to produce a video encouraging violence against another  Member, they should lose the privilege of serving on a committee. That  is what serving on a congressional committee is. It is a privilege. It  is not a right.   I don't know what Congressman Gosar has said in the privacy of  Republican Conference meetings. I am not getting any invitations to  those. Frankly, Madam Speaker, I don't really care because it is what  he said publicly that counts, and publicly he has defended his actions.   Can we just be honest here, Madam Speaker? For once, can my  colleagues on the other side stand up to their leadership and say in  public what they know to be true?   After our colleague Gabby Giffords was shot, after the distinguished  minority whip was shot, after what happened on January 6, after a  record-breaking increase in threats against Members, will none of my  colleagues on the other side admit that Congressman Gosar should be  held accountable?   And for all the talk from those on the other side about this standard  somehow being a slippery slope, let me remind them that it is their own  colleagues who have suggested removing Republicans not for advocating  violence, but for voting for the bipartisan infrastructure bill.   Is this the state of the Republican Party today? If you vote for a  bipartisan bill, your own colleagues will call for retribution, but if  you tweet a video depicting the murder of a colleague and depicting  violence against the President of the United States, that is somehow  okay? Come on.   His office produced this video, and Congressman Gosar defended it. We  have people out there being influenced by garbage like this. We have  Members being forced to pay for security. We have Members getting death  threats. This is dangerous stuff that we are talking about here.   But last night in the Rules Committee we heard a lot of  rationalization. We heard explanation. We heard whataboutism. Give me a  break.   Madam Speaker, the dangerous standard, the real slippery slope would  be for this Congress to do nothing here, to be satisfied with a stern,  private phone call from the Republican leadership and no  accountability.   We cannot allow the normalization of political violence in America.  Something is very, very wrong with that. And something is very, very  wrong with anyone who thought posting this video was okay.   Now, the minority leader had a ``stern, private call'' with  Congressman Gosar. Guess what? That is not enough. There must be real  consequences.   Censure and removing Congressman Gosar from his committee assignments  is appropriate here. This isn't about partisanship or anyone's voting  record. This is about accountability, and at some point, we need to  come together to uphold the integrity and the decency of this  institution.   To be honest, Madam Speaker, unfortunately, I am not hearing a hell  of a lot of willingness from many on the other side to do that.   