 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Protecting  Our Democracy Act.   Transparency and accountability are the bedrock of our democratic  system. They are the essential guardrails that protect against  unchecked executive power. Unfortunately, the Trump administration  exposed certain vulnerabilities in the fabric of our democracy by  engaging in conduct that was once unthinkable, and like the reforms  enacted post-Watergate, we must now act to prevent similar abuses from  a future President.   Although many of these provisions were informed by our experience  with the prior administration, they are pointedly not anti-Trump  measures. Rather, they are forward looking, and they protect against  the abuses by future Presidents of any party. Importantly, many of them  are also based on proposals that have bipartisan support.   I am especially proud of the provisions in this bill that fall within  the Judiciary Committee's jurisdiction.   These include requiring an expedited, streamlined process for  enforcing Congressional subpoenas in court. This would prevent an  administration from stonewalling Congressional oversight and then  evading accountability for years while the courts resolve the issue.   To address abuses of the clemency power, the bill requires additional  transparency, and it reaffirms that abuses of the clemency power can  form the basis of a bribery scheme and that self-pardons are  prohibited.   It pauses the statute of limitations on Federal offenses during a  President and Vice President's term in office to ensure that they can  be held accountable for criminal conduct just like any other American.   And it addresses improper communications between the White House and  the Department of Justice, an all too common occurrence under the last  administration.   Madam Speaker, when the Nation's Founders wrote the Constitution,  after having just fought a war against a tyrant, they stood fast to a  key principle, that the executive must not be a king and must instead  be accountable to Congress, to the people, and ultimately, to the rule  of law. It is vital that we reassert this important principle.   The Protecting Our Democracy Act would restore these and other checks  and balances that are so fundamental to our democracy.   I urge all Members to support this vital legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this en bloc  amendment, and particularly to the Burgess amendment.   The Burgess amendment would strike one of the most important  provisions in the bill, one that ensures that a sitting President or  Vice President can be held accountable for their actions, just like  every other American.   This provision is necessary in order to close a dangerous loophole in  the law created by DOJ policy, most recently embodied in the legal  opinion by the Office of Legal Counsel, which holds that a President  cannot be criminally prosecuted during his or her term in office.   Under current law, throughout the entire period that a President is  presumed by some to be immune from prosecution, the statute of  limitations continues to run on any offenses he or she may have  committed. Since most Federal criminal offenses carry a 5-year statute  of limitations, a President who is not prosecuted while in office for a  crime he or she may have committed could end up evading justice  altogether if the statute of limitations runs out before their term is  over, particularly if they are elected to a second term.    Allowing complete immunity from criminal prosecution merely because  of the office a person holds would make a mockery of the rule of law.  It is a maxim of our system of justice that no man is immune from the  law, that no man can be a judge in his own case.   Statutes of limitations are an important element of criminal law. As  a general matter, they provide a necessary balance between protecting  defendants from delay and allowing prosecutors adequate time to  investigate and charge cases. But the law has also long recognized that  certain limited exceptions to this general rule are necessary. The case  of a sitting President, whose prosecution is barred under Justice  Department policy, fits comfortably among such exceptions.   It is necessary, therefore, to simply pause the statute of  limitations to ensure that the Presidency is not a get-out-of-jail-free  card. We must not strike this essential provision, because every  person, no matter his or her title or office, must be held accountable  under our laws.   I urge strong opposition to this amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I want to mention one other thing. We have heard our  friends across the aisle talk about Donald Trump, and they say that  former President Trump did nothing wrong. Democrats, by and large, say  he did a lot of things wrong. But that is irrelevant to this debate.   This bill has nothing to do with President Trump any more than the  post-Watergate reforms had to do with Richard Nixon. Richard Nixon's  conduct taught us certain lessons, and Donald Trump's conduct taught us  certain lessons. The legislation before us is the result of those  lessons.    Mr. Speaker, those lessons are for us to use to protect  the future. That is what this legislation is about, to protect the  future from a President, of any party, who may violate the law, who may  aggrandize power. That is what this is about: the future, not the past.   So when I hear our Republican friends talk about Donald Trump and  talk about how he wasn't convicted, et cetera, it is irrelevant. We are  talking about the future, not the past. For the future, it is necessary  to pass this bill, and for the future, it is necessary to defeat this  en bloc amendment.   