 Mr. President, my wife and I received our COVID  vaccinations, and we were grateful to the scientists, the doctors, the  nurses, and everyone else who made those miracle medicines possible.   It is a relief to see vaccination numbers in this country picking up  a little bit in the last few days after declining for months.   It is a relief to hear some of the loudest anti-vax quacks change  their tune about the importance of getting vaccinated. While many of  these charlatans and blowhards were dreaming up bizarre theories about  the vaccines, the virus was not idle. In fact, months of confusion and  quackery have given the virus a chance to mutate and, sadly, to again  regain the upper hand.   This mutation, known as the Delta variant, is now in every State in  the Union. COVID infections, hospitalizations, and deaths are on the  rise again. Almost all--almost all--of those who are hospitalized and  facing serious illness and even death are unvaccinated. We know that.   But this is a virus the world has never seen before, and the science  is still evolving. What scientists don't know yet is whether people who  are vaccinated against COVID can spread the Delta variant even if they  experience few symptoms.   While unvaccinated people should wear a mask whenever out in public,  the CDC is recommending that vaccinated people who live in high- transmission areas also wear masks in indoor public spaces for now.  Further, vaccinated people who have vulnerable individuals in their  households--young children or those who are immunocompromised--should  wear masks in public places. And finally, the CDC is recommending  universal masking for all teachers, staff members, and students in  school, regardless of vaccination status.   No one--no one--wants to wear a face mask. We all hoped that those  days were all behind us. But I am bringing this mask with me in my  pocket to be ready to use it when needed; others should do the same.   If you want to protect yourself, your family, and your community, get  the jab. It is free and safe. Until then, wear the mask when you must.   