 Mr. President, I rise today to speak on three highly  qualified judicial nominees: Judge Lucy Koh, nominated to the Ninth  Circuit; Jennifer Sung, also nominated to the Ninth Circuit; and  Samantha Elliott, nominated to the District of New Hampshire.   These nominees will bring much-needed professional and demographic  diversity to the bench. They have the qualifications and character  needed to serve effectively in the Judiciary. And all three have  records that demonstrate an evenhanded and unbiased approach to the  law.   Judge Lucy Koh has served as a district court judge for the Northern  District of California for more than a decade. When President Obama  nominated her to that role in 2010, she was confirmed in the Senate  with broad, bipartisan support, a 90-0 margin. That unanimous support  reflected Judge Koh's abilities and experience and also a deep sense of  trust that that she would be ready to take on the demands of the  Federal district court from day 1.   Well, Judge Koh has certainly risen to the occasion. As a district  court judge, she has issued thousands of written opinions. And she has  presided over 271 trials. Notably, Judge Koh has grappled with many  complex--and often novel--questions of law, particularly those related  to technology. These are the kinds of questions that regularly make  their way to the circuit courts. So we know that Judge Koh is already  wellversed in the types of cases she will encounter on the Ninth  Circuit.   What is more, during her time on the bench, Judge Koh has exemplified  the hallmarks of what makes an outstanding judge, She engages in  thoughtful, well-reasoned analysis; follows precedent, irrespective of  whether she agrees with it; and always--always--applies the law to the  facts in an evenhanded, impartial way.   Judge Koh was rated unanimously ``well qualified'' by the American  Bar Association to serve on the circuit court. And upon confirmation,  she will be the first Korean-American woman to ever serve on a circuit  court.   Judge Koh received a bipartisan vote in the Judiciary Committee, and  I hope she receives bipartisan support here on the floor.   The Senate will also be voting on Jennifer Sung's nomination to the  Ninth Circuit. Ms. Sung is a distinguished jurist who will bring a  vital, and underrepresented, perspective to the Federal bench.   After graduating from Yale Law School and clerking on the Ninth  Circuit, Ms. Sung spent over a decade representing American workers in  labor disputes. These workers were often minorities from low-income  backgrounds. In 2017, Ms. Sung's expertise in labor law attracted the  attention of Oregon Governor Kate Brown, who appointed her to serve on  the Oregon Employment Relations Board.   The ERB, as it is called, is a quasi-judicial agency charged with  resolving labor disputes. As a member of the three-person panel, Ms.  Sung reviews evidentiary records, independently evaluates the law, and  works in a collaborative manner to reach a consensus on opinions. In  other words, she has already handled many of the responsibilities that  come with being a Circuit Court Judge. So Ms. Sung will be right at  home on the Ninth Circuit.   In addition to the professional diversity Ms. Sung will bring to the  bench as an expert in labor law, she will also bring important  demographic diversity. If confirmed, she would make history as the  first Asian-American woman to hold an Oregon seat on the Ninth Circuit.   Ms. Sung has presided over hundreds of legal matters--only three of  which have been overturned. She has demonstrated a commitment to  impartiality, a thoughtful approach to decision-making, and a keen  ability to separate her personal views from the law and the facts at  hand. That is also reflected by the fact that the American Bar  Association rated Ms. Sung as ``well qualified.''   Finally, the Senate will soon take up Samantha Elliott's nomination  to the District of New Hampshire. Ms. Elliott has spent her entire  legal career in New Hampshire. With her deep knowledge of the State's  legal system and her evenhanded approach to the law, she will make an  outstanding Federal judge.   Ms. Elliott is an accomplished litigator who has spent much of her  career representing New Hampshire municipalities and their employees.  She has also dedicated herself to increasing access to justice. As a co  founder of 603 Legal Aid, Ms. Elliott has worked tirelessly to provide  legal services to members of low-income communities. And she has  dedicated countless hours to her pro bono legal work.   With her considerable experience in both State and Federal courts, it  is little surprise that Ms. Elliott was unanimously rated as ``well  qualified'' by the American Bar Association. She also received a  bipartisan vote of 15-7 in the Judiciary Committee.   I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting these three  highly qualified nominees. With their breadth of credentials,  experience, and commitment to the rule of law, each of them will make  outstanding additions to the Federal bench.   