 Madam Speaker, we have all worked together on this  very powerful bill. There is no higher priority than keeping our  children safe. I think most people know that.   Since 2010, suicide has been the second leading cause of death for  young Americans ages 10 through 24. From 2007 to 2015, the number of  children and teens visiting the emergency room for suicide-related  injuries doubled. In 2017, 517 Americans, aged 10 through 14, and  6,252, aged 15 through 24, committed suicide. Sadly, some communities  in my district are among those with the highest suicide rates in  Florida. I represent the Tampa Bay area, Madam Speaker.   Research has shown that most of these young Americans tell someone  that they are contemplating suicide or school violence, and 68 percent  of averted violence was stopped because a student reported concerns  about a threat, a plot, or other concerning behavior involving a peer.   H.R. 586, the Suicide Training and Awareness Nationally Delivered for  Universal Prevention Act, or the STANDUP Act, encourages States,  Tribes, and schools to create policies for student suicide prevention  training utilizing SAMHSA-provided best practices, training,  and technical assistance.    By providing high quality screening and prevention training to school  staff and peers, threats can be identified before they materialize, and  those who are at risk have an opportunity to get the mental health  treatment they sorely need.   I have seen firsthand, Madam Speaker, the power of work like this  through nonprofits like Sandy Hook Promise, and SAVE Promise Clubs at  my children's school actually at Palm Harbor University High School,  which is located in Palm Harbor, Florida, in my district. When properly  equipped, students can be empowered to prevent violence in their  schools.   I appreciate the bipartisan work of my colleagues, and, of course, we  actually sponsored this bill with Congressman Peters. I also want to  thank the chairman for placing the bill on the agenda and working with  us.   I urge my colleagues to join us in passing this critical legislation  to help reverse the troubling trend of youth suicide and violence.    Madam Speaker, this is a real problem in this country.  We have a mental health crisis, and, collectively, these bills address  that. So I thank the chairman and the ranking member for bringing these  bills to the floor. Let's get them through today, and then passed in  the Senate and have the President sign because it will make a real  difference in the lives of these people who are suffering with mental  illness.   Madam Speaker, our Nation remains in the midst of a suicide crisis.  Over the past several decades, the suicide rate has risen sharply,  increasing by 31 percent since 2001, making suicide the 10th leading  cause of death, and claiming an estimated 47,000 lives annually.   A 2016 study found that 11 percent of all emergency department  patients exhibited suicidal ideation. However, only 3 percent of those  patients were diagnosed by current screening tools. Furthermore, about  70 percent of patients who leave the emergency department after a  suicide attempt never attend their first outpatient follow-up  appointment. This is just reality, and we have got to do something  about this.   The Effective Suicide Screening and Assessment in the Emergency  Department Act creates a voluntary HHS grant program to assist  emergency departments in developing protocols for identifying,  assessing, and treating individuals at risk for suicide with preference  given to either critical access hospitals or hospitals located in a  geographic area with a suicide risk that is higher than the national  average rate.   Grants last for 2 years and grantees must submit a report annually on  their efforts to improve the identification, assessment, and discharge  policies for individuals who are at risk for suicide. This proactive  approach is vital because emergency departments often are the first-- and, sadly, too often the only--point of contact within the healthcare  system for those most at risk for suicide.   Madam Speaker, I appreciate, again, the bipartisan support of my  colleague, and I worked on this with Congressman Soto.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass H.R. 1324, the Effective  Suicide Screening and Assessment in the Emergency Department Act, to  further equip our health providers to recognize and assist these  patients in crisis.   