 Mr. President, it has been a trying year for  our Nation. Thankfully, the vaccine has brought so much hope and a  semblance of normalcy back to the lives of many Americans.   As families and businesses in Florida and across the United States  continue to work hard to recover from the devastation of COVID-19,  travel is critical to get our economy fully reopened.   From the beginning of the pandemic, I encouraged everyone to wear a  mask as we learned more about this virus, but now the science is clear  that broad mask mandates aren't necessary. Unfortunately, the CDC has  decided to buck the science when it comes to travel and is still  requiring face masks on public transportation.   We have all heard the stories of how this mandate impacts families: a  mother and her six children traumatized by being kicked off a flight  after her 2-year-old daughter refused to wear a mask; a New Jersey  couple forced to deplane because their 2-year-old wouldn't wear a mask;  a Colorado mother and their family booted off a flight over fears their  3-year-old son, who has a disability, wouldn't wear a mask; an Orthodox  Jewish family kicked off a flight because their 15-month-old baby was  not wearing a mask.   You can't make this stuff up. It has made traveling with children  nearly impossible. After a year of hardships and being apart from loved  ones, these families were denied the ability to reconnect. It is awful  and unnecessary. And I hear stories all the time about parents with  young children deciding, I am not getting on an airplane because I know  I will get kicked off or I might get kicked off.   And to make guidelines even more confusing, you are allowed to remove  your mask to eat and drink. So why is it OK and totally safe to not  have a mask while you eat a snack but dangerous to be unmasked any  other time?   The CDC itself has been clear that mask mandates aren't needed. You  don't have to wear a mask in a restaurant. You don't have to wear a  mask in a hotel. You don't have to wear a mask at a school. You don't  have to wear a mask in a stadium. So why is the CDC singling out  airlines and public transportation? It doesn't make any sense.   This isn't a political argument. In fact, during our Commerce  Committee markup of the surface transportation measure last week, both  Democrats and Republicans expressed frustration at the continuation of  the mask mandate. Republican and Democratic Governors and mayors across  the country have followed the science and lifted mask mandates.   Just like the Federal Government should not be in the business of  requiring Americans to turn over their vaccination records, the Federal  Government should not be mandating citizens wear masks on public  transportation.   That is why I introduced the Stop Mandating Additional Requirements  for Travel, or SMART Act, which would revoke the Federal requirement  for Americans to wear masks on public transportation. Americans should  be free to make choices they feel are in the best interest of their own  health and the health of their loved ones.   If someone wants to wear a mask, they are absolutely free to do so,  but the government has no right to tell them what to do. If an airline  or other private company decides it wants to implement a mask policy,  so be it. This does not prohibit them from doing so.   I have been clear. Private companies should be able to make decisions  that they feel are appropriate for their employees and their customers.  And their customer gets to make a decision.   This bill is pure common sense, and I am glad to be joined today by  my colleague from Utah, Senator Lee, and he will be speaking after I  ask for the consent.   The science just doesn't support keeping the mask mandate in place.  We have to listen to the science and work together to move America  forward. I know Americans will do the right thing to stay safe, and I  hope my colleagues join me in passing this important bill.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on HELP be discharged from further consideration of  S. 2084 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I ask  unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and  passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Utah  for his comments. I want to thank his continued commitment always to  make sure that we, Congress, handles everything we can. We don't defer  constantly to the executive branch in making decisions that we should  be making.   This is a simple example of why we should be making this decision.  This is following the science, and I am actually shocked that my  colleague from the State of Washington does not want to follow the  science.   I don't understand why my colleague from the State of Washington  wants government to be dictating things. Why do we want to dictate to  Americans how to lead their lives? Why does she think that the  government--why has the government lifted mandates in States all across  the country but not--and why is the CDC fine with every place but  public transportation? It just doesn't make any sense.   Americans will do the right thing. It is not our job to dictate, to  tell them how to lead their lives. If someone wants to wear a mask, so  be it. They should do it, but the government has no right to tell them  that they have to wear a mask. If an airline or another private company  decides it wants to implement a mask policy, have at it. We shouldn't  prohibit them from wanting to do that, but we should not be dictating  this.   So I am disappointed that my colleague from the State of Washington  didn't go along, but I think it is important for us to always make sure  we are doing the right thing for the American public and, right now,  the right thing is eliminate the mask mandate on public transportation.    Mr. President.    Reserving the right to object, I want to make  one thing very clear. I am here today to ensure accountability to the  American people.   I voted to support Ms. Easterly's confirmation in committee last  week, and if Senator Schumer filed for cloture, like he has done for  dozens of other nominees this year, I would vote to support her  confirmation here on the Senate floor. This isn't about Ms. Easterly.  This isn't about cyber security. Remember, we unanimously confirmed the  National Cyber Director just last week.   I am here today because families in my State of Florida and across  our Nation deserve accountability, and President Biden has shown a  total lack of accountability when it comes to addressing the border  crisis. That is why I announced last month that I would be holding all  of President Biden's nominees for the Department of Homeland Security  from being approved through our expedited process until he and Vice  President Harris visit the border and they see for themselves the  crisis their failed policies of open borders and amnesty have created.   I understand the White House has just announced that Vice President  Harris will be visiting the border later this week. I hope that is  true. The administration has made a lot of promises that they haven't  kept, like not raising taxes, reopening schools quickly, being tough on  Communist China--the list goes on and on.   Trust me, I am glad the Vice President seems to be taking my advice  and finally listening to the American people. I truly hope that she  gets down to the border to see the crisis firsthand that her  administration and their failed policies have created.   I hope she meets with the National Border Patrol Council and hears  from them what our brave CBP agents are going through every day to keep  us safe.   I hope she meets with border community sheriffs who are responsible  for keeping our families safe   I hope she meets with ICE and CBP section chiefs so she can hear  firsthand the impact on them.   I hope she takes an aerial tour, like I did, and sees the gaps in the  wall.   I hope she sees where the lights and cameras are sitting powerless,  without electricity, and unable to be used to monitor our border.   I hope she meets with families who have been the victims of  trafficking and hears the horrific stories they have and what they have  been through because of this crisis.   I hope she visits border communities that have been put in a position  to house and care for the historic number of people illegally crossing  our border.   I hope she talks with families who have tragically lost loved ones  from the massive amounts of fentanyl that the cartels are moving across  our border.   I hope she talks to the ranchers impacted by people illegally  crossing their lands.   More than anything, I hope this isn't a political stunt. If she truly  goes to see this crisis, I will lift all of my holds of DHS political  nominees. It is that simple.   What is happening at the border is a crisis; there is simply no other  word for it. It has been 3 months since I traveled to the southern  border to see exactly how President Biden's open borders and amnesty  policies are wreaking havoc. I took a tour with Governor Ducey. We did  an aerial tour. What you see is a wall and then all of a sudden, these  openings. They intentionally didn't put up the gates.   I remember my colleagues were saying: Oh, we don't need the wall. We  have lights and cameras so they can monitor from someplace else.   They are out there; they are just not hooked up to electricity,  intentionally. I mean, you can't make this stuff up.   It has been 3 months since I made clear that President Biden and Vice  President Harris need to get to the border and see the crisis their  administration has created. It has been 3 months since they pledged to  visit the border. Since then, as you all know--you look at all the  numbers--apprehensions at our southern border are at a record high.  More than 180,000 illegal aliens tried to cross our southern border  last month and were apprehended--the highest in 21 years. This is a  crisis. It threatens our national security and the safety of American  families. And we don't know how many people we didn't apprehend.   President Biden's immigration policies are putting unaccompanied  minors at risk of human trafficking, violence, sexual abuse, and  separation from their families. They are leading to an alarming  increase in human trafficking and drug smuggling by cartels.   FBI Director Wray said this month that there is ``no question'' that  cartel activity from Mexico is ``spilling over'' into the United  States. We are seeing it here in Florida. I talk to sheriffs. What they  are telling me is that unbelievable amounts of fentanyl are coming  across the border and getting into our State, putting Florida families  in danger. I was down at one lab, and they were telling me that two  people died that week from fentanyl.   But instead of securing the border and finishing wall construction  projects, President Biden is terminating all of the wall projects. Why  would you be doing this?   The inaction by President Biden and Vice President Harris is  inexcusable. I don't know what they are waiting for. Why can't they  acknowledge that a secure border is the best thing for our Nation? If  you talk to people around this country, they want a secure border. Why  can't they stand up against the radical left and say that open borders  are dangerous to American families?   Two weeks ago, the Vice President went to Guatemala and Mexico. While  she was there, she was asked by Lester Holt when she was going to go to  the border, and she laughed. I mean, this is not a laughing matter.  This is a crisis, and people are dying because of this crisis. It  should make all of us furious.   People are dying. Children are being exploited, and they are being  abandoned in the desert. Earlier this week, two Ecuadorian children-- two little girls, 3 and 5 years old--were dropped over a 14-foot  section of the border wall. We all saw the pictures. They were  abandoned there in the middle of the night, two innocent little girls,  just 3 and 5 years old. Can you imagine how terrified they were? I  mean, I  [[Page S4718]]  think of my daughters. I think of my grandchildren. We all do. We all  think, how would our family deal with that? It just breaks your heart.   The Vice President claims the Vice President's trip down to Guatemala  and Mexico was to talk about the root cause of immigration. I don't  believe that. The Vice President's trip wasn't anything more than a  poorly executed political stunt.   President Biden and Vice President Harris need to stop avoiding the  crisis, stop laughing off this threat, get to the border, and take real  steps. As I said, once they actually go to the border and actually see  the crisis, I will lift my hold. This is all to make sure they go to  the border. But as long as they refuse to help those risking their  lives every day to keep us safe, as long as they refuse to visit the  border and put an end to the humanitarian crisis they created, I am  going to keep my holds on.   Those two little girls and all the people who have been trafficked-- they deserve better. The millions of immigrants in our country going  through a legal process--they deserve better. Our Border Patrol  agents--they deserve better. All American families deserve better.  Therefore, I object.   