 Mr. Speaker, this is personal to me. I have dedicated so  much of my adult life to the Constitution of the United States.   If you go back to 1884--it has been cited for about 80 or 100 years  even--the Select Committee back in 1884 was taking up the issue of a  Member of Congress being expelled. The committee said that because the  conduct was committed during an earlier Congress: It must be said that  with practical uniformity the precedents in such cases are to the  effect that the House will not expel a Member for reprehensible action  prior to the election of a Member, not even for conviction of an  offense. That has been so frequently decided in the House that it is no  longer a matter of dispute.   And, yes, that was expelling from the House, but you are wanting to  expel a Member from being a full Member, as she was elected to do.   Now, James Madison--hopefully, that name rings a bell--said if the  legislature could regulate those--talking about qualifications--which  in this case would mean you have to meet our qualifications for what  you say before you are a Member of Congress or you don't come in. He  said if you could regulate those qualifications, ``it can by degrees  subvert the Constitution. A Republic may be converted into an  aristocracy or oligarchy as well by limiting the number capable of  being elected.'' Qualifications founded on artificial distinctions may  be devised by the stronger party in order to keep out partisans of a  weaker party.   This is so dangerous. Never in the history of the Congress has a  majority party taken such fanatical action to remove somebody from the  other party from committees. This is unprecedented.   We had a Senator named Biden who looked at a Ku Klux Klan recruiter  as a mentor and friend, and you punished him by inaugurating him as  President.   Look, please, I know there are so many good, decent Democrats. We  disagree on a lot of things, but as a matter of conscience--you talk  about conscience. You have to know if you do this, just like Democrats  objecting to electors and then coming around later and saying, oh, you  are disenfranchising voters. Look, if you do this, you know the day  will come when Republicans will not like something you said and start  removing you from committees. This is not a road to go down.   I beg you, please, don't start this precedent. It won't end well for  either party. But we will follow your lead if you lead.   I am imploring you, do the right thing. Vote ``no'' on this  resolution.   