 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the bill,  but I specifically want to talk about a provision that is being gutted  that for decades has been bipartisan, Mr. Speaker, that is the Hyde  amendment.   Back in the 1970s, when Henry Hyde came to Congress from Illinois,  one of his main objectives was to protect life. He started on a quest  to do that on a number of different fronts, and he ultimately found a  bipartisan consensus put into law back in 1976 to say that no taxpayer  funds should be used for abortion. It was actually something that  Republicans and Democrats rallied around.   Since that time, every appropriations bill that has moved through  Congress, for over 40 years, has included Hyde protections, until  today.   This is a sad day when you see how the Democratic Party has changed  from the party back then.  [[Page H4144]]    I want to read a quote, Mr. Speaker. This is from 1994. A prominent  United States Senator said: ``Those of us who are opposed to abortion  should not be compelled to pay for them.''   You know who said that? Joe Biden said that, Mr. Speaker.   Where is that Joe Biden today? Where is that Democratic Party today  that has changed and moved so far away from those principles that were  bipartisan? By the way, most Americans today, including many people who  consider themselves pro-choice, think it is wrong to use taxpayer funds  for abortion. Yet, this bill guts that decades-long tradition.   Again, I will read from Joe Biden himself. ``Those of us who are  opposed to abortion should not be compelled to pay for them.''   Why would we be abandoning that decades-long tradition that is also  held by most Americans across this country?   Not only, Mr. Speaker, are they gutting Hyde protections in this  bill, they actually put millions of taxpayer dollars in this bill to  fund Planned Parenthood facilities. So that is how far the party of old  on the Democrat side has gone, to this Democrat socialist party that  now supports taxpayer funding of abortion, including directly to the  largest provider of abortions in America.   This must stop. We will fight to stop the gutting of the Hyde  amendment and the break from this bipartisan tradition.   Before this process is over, let's get back to those principles that  unite most Americans and should unite all of us in Congress, that no  taxpayer funds should go to provide for abortions.   