 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this has been a week. I spoke earlier about  the loss of my good friend Senator Mike Enzi, as many other Senators  have, out of respect, from both sides of the aisle.   Yesterday, another good friend, Senator Carl Levin, left us. And,  again, there will be respect shown, I am sure, by both Republicans and  Democrats because he was of the school that worked with both.   I had the privilege of being here throughout his decades of service,  and he epitomized what the Senate should be. He was a person of  complete integrity; a person who knew the issues, whatever they were,  that he was going to be discussing and working on. He knew them as well  as anybody else. But everybody knew, Republican or Democrat, that they  could take his word for anything.   And I couldn't help but think last night, if more Senators had  listened to him at the time of the major Iraq war, supposedly because  Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction, which of course he did  not; when we had been told by many in the administration they had  evidence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, when they did not; and  because he actually took the time to read the intelligence--he was one  of three Senators, another one being the vice chairman of the  Intelligence Committee, a conservative Democrat from Florida--they  would come to us and tell us specifically what parts of the  intelligence we should read, as did a third Senator.   Those who actually took the time to read it, as, of course, Senator  Levin did, voted against the war. They knew there were no weapons of  mass destruction. They knew that this would ultimately put America at  risk. And, unfortunately, by having to transfer forces from Afghanistan  that were closing in on the Saudi Arabian Osama bin Laden and his  followers, the people who had organized 9/11 and the strike against us,  he was able to escape and stayed loose for years, until captured during  the Obama administration.   But Carl Levin I remember saying: Please, do your due diligence.   He and Vice Chairman Bob Graham and a third Senator kept saying: Read  the intelligence.   Those who did voted no.   But I could give hundreds of other times when we would gather around  Carl Levin, Republicans and Democrats alike, and say: What do you think  of this issue? What did you study?   And we would get it, chapter and verse. It was always accurate.   He was what I considered a Senator's Senator. He was the type of  Senator I hoped to be able to serve with when I first came to the U.S.  Senate.  [[Page S5198]]    I remember sitting in the Gallery up there as a young law student at  Georgetown Law School. Between classes or exams, I would come here just  to watch the U.S. Senate, and I would see so many giants in both  parties speaking, and I thought how wonderful it would be to serve in  such a body. When Carl Levin was here, that was the example--his  brother in the House of Representatives; he in the Senate.   And I remember Carl, with his sense of humor, speaking of his mother,  whom I also got to meet, when she was asked by the press: What do you  think about one son in the U.S. House of Representatives and the other  in the U.S. Senate? Does that make you proud?   And she said: Well, if it is what makes them happy, I think that is  good.   And Carl would just say that with his own self-deprecating sense of  humor.   I hope Senators will look at his life and realize, whichever party  you belonged to, this is a person you could follow. When he did lead  the Armed Services Committee, he listened to everybody in this body,  from the right to the left, and studiously considered their concerns.   I would not interrupt the Senate here, but I mentioned him because  this is what a Senator should be, as I said earlier with Senator Mike  Enzi. Losing two people I admired, two close friends, two people who  worked to make the Senate better--let us all pause and try and do the  same.   I appreciate Senators coming together yesterday in the legislation  that Senator Shelby and I put forward to help our Afghan translators  who worked with us, to bring them to safety, and to help our Capitol  Police and those who work around the Capitol to be able to recover from  January 6. And it gave me hope that they came together by a 98-to-0  vote and passed that legislation.   Let's take a break, and let's think of Carl Levin. Let's try and do  more of that.   I think of my days as a young student looking down on this body, and  I look at it now as the dean of the Senate. I have seen the good and  the bad. I prefer the good.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   