 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend from Arkansas for  yielding and being so generous with the time.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4352. Along with my  good friend, Representative McCollum of Minnesota, I am proud to  cosponsor this legislation.   The legislation amends the Indian Reorganization Act of 1934 and  reaffirms the right of the Secretary of the Interior to place land into  trust for federally recognized Indian Tribes.   Madam Speaker, as I am sure most people in this House know, the  history and relationship between the United States and Indian Tribes  isn't something to always be proud of. Frankly, with the passage of the  Dawes Act in 1887, Tribes all over the country, but particularly in my  State of Oklahoma, were systematically stripped of their lands, and  individual Tribal members were as well. I know this because my Tribe  was one of the victims. My family was one of the losers in the process.   In 1934, the Federal Government wisely saw that it had made a bad  mistake and intervened with the Indian Reorganization Act to protect  the remaining Indian lands and to allow modest additions and  reacquisitions of that land.   For 75 years, it worked pretty much the way it was supposed to work,  whether it was a Democratic or a Republican administration. Land was  protected and modestly brought back into trust--only 9 million acres so  far since 1934, so it is not as if we have had a large transfer of land  back. But we have protected what was there and added back to Tribal  patrimony where it made sense.   All that was upset by the Carcieri v. Salazar decision in 2009. That  was a really bad decision, quite frankly. It did, as my friends from  New Mexico and Minnesota both pointed out, upset the balance. It  created a two-tiered system and penalized Tribes that had not been  federally recognized in 1934. That, by the way, wasn't just ``new  Tribes.'' A lot of them--the case was based on the Narragansetts in  Rhode Island--actually had been around for a long time.   The Narragansetts are in the same place they always were. They were  recognized by the State of Rhode Island but for some reason weren't in  the 1934 bill.   So a lot of people have been victimized by this, and frankly, a lot  of interests have tried to exploit it.   We have had an opportunity on a couple of occasions to fix it.  Actually, this House should be proud. In December 2010, my amendment to  an appropriations bill, supported by my good friend Ms. McCollum, we  got it out of the House, but it died in the Senate that same December.    As my friend from Minnesota alluded, we passed legislation in the  last Congress to deal with this issue on an overwhelmingly bipartisan  vote.   I would just say, for the record, I have introduced legislation on  this every year since 2009. My friend, Ms. McCollum, has done pretty  much the same, and we have always cosponsored one another's  legislation. So I am very proud to be here and support this bill.   I urge passage of this bill. It is a matter of justice for the  Tribes, but it is also a matter of equity and a matter of, frankly,  legislative convenience.   Madam Speaker, I strongly support my friend's bill, H.R. 4352, and  urge its passage.   