 Madam President, I thank my colleague from Maryland, who  has been such a leader in the area of human rights and international  recognition of the challenges that our world faces today. I do  appreciate his leadership and his partnership. We have worked shoulder  to shoulder on so many issues.   Yes, I proudly rise with him this afternoon to talk about a very  valuable series of meetings that our 12-member delegation had in 4  countries in Europe in recent days. This was Republicans and Democrats  from the House and Senate, a truly bipartisan and bicameral  delegation--a very large delegation--which I think my colleague will  agree made a strong statement on behalf of the United States of America  and on behalf of the U.S. House and Senate about the way we view  European engagement and our partnership and friendship with the 50-plus  member countries of the OSCE and their Parliamentary Assembly.   We visited Vienna, Austria, for the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly.   As Senator Cardin mentioned, we met with great success. Yes, I was  reelected to the position of vice president, and I appreciate the  support of Democrats and Republicans in the House and Senate in helping  me get those votes to receive another 3-year term there.  [[Page S5008]]    Richard Hudson, our colleague from the House of Representatives, has  been very active as chairman of Committee No. 1 in the Parliamentary  Assembly. He is highly regarded. He was reelected without opposition.  So there are two bits of success there.   And then the great piece of work, actually, was with regard to  Senator Cardin's initiative on the rising hate and intolerance that we  are seeing all around the world, particularly among member countries of  the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe. Senator  Cardin actually took the lead in challenging the leadership of the  Parliamentary Assembly in saying that issues should be discussed.   Even though they weren't in an immediate, like, 3-week crisis mode,  they deserved to be brought forward. And Senator Cardin was able to get  his resolution considered and passed overwhelmingly, and we made a  strong statement on behalf of countering the rising hate and  intolerance and countering the use of these things to buttress  authoritarianism and to stoke conflict around the world.   We also passed a very important resolution about the tragedy, the  outrage that has gone on in Belarus. I can tell you, the opposition  party leader from Belarus was in this Capitol building just yesterday  talking about the importance of support from places like the United  States Congress.   I can tell you, Madam President, that Senator Shaheen and I are about  to send a letter to our colleagues asking any and all of us to join a  Freedom Caucus for the Belarusian people, the Belarus Freedom Caucus.  We asked the opposition leader, Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya, to tell us  whether that would be helpful. She said the formation of this caucus to  support the freedom movement in Belarus would be a strong signal. It  would be well received and effective on behalf of the opposition  leadership there in Belarus.   Then, again, we reiterated our opposition to what Russia has done in  Ukraine and particularly to the recent Russian military buildup and  ongoing aggression in Ukraine. We did a lot there with the  Parliamentary Assembly.   We went on to Estonia, met with leadership there--a former President,  the current Prime Minister, other leaders. And, also, we had a chance  to travel to the very easternmost part of Estonia and actually travel  on the Narva River and look right across to Russia and the security  guards there, understanding what our Estonian allies are up against  with Putin's Russia staring right across the river at their freedom and  democracy.   From there, we joined the Three Seas conference in Sofia, Bulgaria. I  can tell you, this is a group of Eastern European former Soviet Bloc  countries that are striving to be in charge of their own infrastructure  and rely less on the Chinese Belt and Road Initiative. I think the fact  that 12 Americans showed up, participated, met with Heads of state at  that conference made a very strong statement of American support for  freedom and for looking westwardly in trying to get their problems  solved and their infrastructure needs met.   We also had a very meaningful visit to Norway, where we saw some  American-Norwegian defense initiatives. I am very proud of the  partnership that this Helsinki Commission--our organ of the American  OSCE PA--and the way that we joined together to express our support for  freedom, for democracy, for the rule of law, for opposing corruption,  both at the petty local level and also at the larger State-sponsored  level.   One other thing before I yield back and let my friend close.  Particularly in Bulgaria, but also all during our trip, we were met  with hearty thanks for the United States leadership in the global  Magnitsky Act. This began as an initiative with Senator Cardin, Senator  Lieberman, Senator McCain, and me several years ago directed--during  the Obama administration--directed toward individual Russians who had  violated human rights and individual liberty in a very outrageous and  gross way, allowing us to sanction individuals rather than causing harm  to the people of Russia in that case. That has been expanded now to the  global level and other countries are adopting this.   But I can tell you, when we arrived in Bulgaria, we were met with  great thanks from people who are trying to combat lawlessness and  corruption at the top level of government.   I just have to say, of course, Ben Cardin has been the premier leader  in this worldwide effort. It was gratifying to know and to learn  firsthand on the ground there in Sofia, Bulgaria, that an initiative  that began right here in this U.S. Senate years ago, and continues to  this day, is having a beneficial effect on the people all across Europe  and particularly in some of the countries that we visited.   I yield back to the Senator from Maryland    Would the gentleman yield on that point?    If I might add, people in Narva, Estonia, and people in  the city across the river have access to each other across a bridge  there. And it is clear to the people on the Russian side that their  cousins and friends in Narva, Estonia, live a better life and have a  better standard of living in this free country, this NATO ally called  Estonia, than the Russian cousins and friends have on the other side.   I just thought I would add that to the discourse before Senator  Cardin moves on to discussing Norway and Bulgaria.   Thank you.    Madam President, one other thing that our colleagues  might not understand about the OSCE is their role in election  observation.   As we were leaving Sofia on the morning of July 11, we crossed paths  with some other representatives from the OSCE from European countries  who were there to observe the parliamentary elections being held in  Bulgaria that very day. Also, on the same day, Moldova, another member  of the OSCE, was having parliamentary elections.   We have every hope that the results of these elections will be a  further resolve in those two nation members to counter the corruption  at the highest level, and we want to congratulate both of those member  states of the OSCE for free and fair elections in Europe.   With that, I thank my colleague.   I yield the floor.   