 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the year 2020 was a year filled with  sadness and grief for me, but, unfortunately, that sadness and grief  struck again in the year 2021.   Last Tuesday, 100-mile-per-hour winds capsized a lift boat with a  crew of 19 off the coast of Grand Isle, LA, just south of Port  Fourchon. The U.S. Coast Guard and a group of Good Samaritan boats  rescued six crew members as winds continued between 80 to 90 miles per  hour and waves were 7 to 9 feet high.   The Coast Guard credits those Good Samaritans with saving four of the  six rescued crew members. So, fortunately, in the midst of a terrible  tragedy, it turns out a crew of Coast Guard men and women were on a  boat doing a trial run when the SOS went out. And although technically  not Coast Guard, they were coastguardsmen, and they went out and aided  in the rescue. We are eternally grateful for their efforts, their hard  work, and for the risk they took to themselves to bring those crew  members back to shore safely, who returned safely.   In this tragedy, which affects us in Louisiana but, in a sense,  affects us all, any loss of life is heartbreaking. But there are some  who may not be found, and we pray their families find closure. To date,  six have been confirmed dead, including Anthony Hartford of New  Orleans, James ``Tracy'' Wallingsford of Gilbert, Captain David Ledet  of Thibodaux, Ernest Williams of Arnaudville, Lawrence Warren of  Terrytown, and Quinon Pitre of Franklin.   Seven are still missing. Each day that passes, the prognosis--the  chance of finding them--obviously decreases. I would like to take a  moment to recognize those still missing:   Jay Guevara, Dylan Daspit, Gregory Walcott, Chaz Morales, Jason  Krell, Darren Encalade, and Chris Rozands.   Our thoughts and prayers are with the crew members of the capsized  vessel, their loved ones, and their communities.   While we mourn this loss, we also rise to recognize the heroic  efforts of the Coast Guard, the Good Samaritans, and all involved in  the search-and-rescue efforts that continued for 6 straight days.   In just 40 hours, the Coast Guard covered more than 1,440 square  miles of the Gulf of Mexico, searching for missing crew members. To put  that in perspective, that is an area larger than the State of Rhode  Island. By Friday, this area grew to a size larger than Hawaii,  searching through sea and air.   Late last week, the National Transportation Safety Board announced  they will open an investigation. The team arrived in New Orleans on  Thursday, and a preliminary report will be released within the next 2  weeks.   We deeply appreciate the volunteers who assisted the men and women  from the Coast Guard and many others in the search and rescue,  particularly during the terrible weather. In the light of this tragedy,  this team effort demonstrates the best of humanity.   We grieve with the families. We shall always remember the lives of  those we lost.   May God watch over their souls. May they find eternal peace.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   