 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, this pandemic, everyone knows, has uprooted lives and  caused untold destruction to families, to workers, and to small  businesses. And many see the partisan behavior as destructive during  this time, and they often do not see the bipartisan behavior.   Today's extension, H.R. 1651, is an example of bipartisan behavior on  behalf of the American people. Repeated and lengthy government  shutdowns in response to the pandemic have devastated the ability of  millions to work, pay bills, and support their families, and keep their  small businesses afloat.   In my home State of California, the restaurant industry has seen more  than one out of four restaurants shutter their doors forever.   In 2020, Congress passed five bipartisan COVID relief packages. The  CARES Act allowed a variety of temporary relief measures for families  and small businesses. When it was passed, we believed that, in fact,  once the vaccine was available, that we would be able to put this  behind us. But today, when over 10 percent of Americans have received a  vaccine, we now know that the road to full recovery is longer ahead of  us even after we begin going to work.   So allowing small businesses to file chapter 11 bankruptcy by  increasing the maximum debt ceiling, excluding Federal COVID relief  payments from income calculations, and allowing debtors to file chapter  13 to modify their payment plans are only some of the critical items  that the CARES Act did. Today we are making sure these will continue  until March of 2022.   This bill also extends through 2022 bankruptcy relief provisions  included in the December 2020 COVID relief package. This extension will  provide  [[Page H1390]]  individuals and businesses with certainty and simplicity as they look  at an economic recovery that, although it is underway, may be long.   Enacting this bill will assist debtors and businesses of all sorts,  as Americans and their firms continue to address economic realities.  This bill is bipartisan, and the bill recognizes that even businesses  which have remained up and running often find themselves in a ripple  effect of other bankruptcies or failures by companies that have been  shut down.   Madam Speaker, I strongly recommend the passage of this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Cline), one of the coauthors of this bill.    Madam Speaker, both sides of the aisle are united behind  this good, sensible extension of law.   Madam Speaker, I strongly recommend that all of our Members vote for  it, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, so often, we hear criminals should pay for what they  have done wrong. This is exactly what the Victims of Crime Act has  done.   Since 1984, it has provided the ability to collect fines and fees  against those very perpetrators and apply it toward the solution and,  in fact, the remediation of the damage they have done. No amount of  money makes up for the crimes they have committed, but certainly, this  goes a long way.   Today, we are dealing with the tendency within Article II, within the  executive branch, that when money is available, to see if they can't  move it to where they would like to spend it rather than the clear  intent of Congress.   I would like to thank Chairman Nadler and Congresswoman Wagner for  their work on making sure that this bill does just that. It puts the  money back where it was originally intended.   For instance, VOCA supports shelters for victims of domestic  violence, which affects more than 12 million adults each year. VOCA  funding is also used to support services for victims of child abuse and  sexual assaults.   In all, more than 6,000 organizations nationwide are funded through  this act. However, because funding has fluctuated and at times has been  diverted by the Department of Justice, this, in fact, will both  increase and stabilize those funds.   Over the years, Congress has adjusted funding flowing in and out of  this account in an attempt to create certainty for support for these  programs. Unfortunately, we haven't always succeeded, and I am not  without some recognition that today will not be the last time we come  back to say that Congress, on a completely nonpartisan basis, really  means it: These penalties and fines need to get to the organizations  that deal with the victims.   Today's bill will do just that. We stand, on a bipartisan basis,  ready to ensure that we do that again.   Madam Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman, Congresswoman  Wagner, and all the others who worked so diligently on this bill.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, it is now my pleasure to yield 5 minutes to  the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. Wagner), who has done so much on  this bill.    Madam Speaker, in closing, I urge passage of this bill, I  recommend that all Members vote ``yes,'' and I yield back the balance  of my time.   