 Madam President, I would like to thank my colleague from  Ohio for working together on a bipartisan package of legislation that  will increase our economic competitiveness and strengthen our national  security. As chairman and ranking member of the Homeland Security and  Governmental Affairs Committee, we are preparing legislation that will  help our country respond to major cyber incidents, solidify our global  leadership on artificial intelligence, incentivize domestic production  of personal protective equipent to increase our ability to respond to  pandemics, and strengthen ``Buy American'' laws to make sure Federal  dollars support American workers and small businesses.   I would like to briefly discuss one of the bills we are working on-- my colleague's Safeguarding American Innovation Act, which takes on the  threat of foreign governments stealing American taxpayer-funded  research and intellectual property developed at U.S. colleges and  universities. This is a serious, complex problem, and we need to make  sure we get the response right. This is why we plan to advance this  bill out of committee and continue working through additional changes  before this bill is incorporated to the Endless Frontier Act on the  Senate floor.   We intend to move a number of bills out of our committee, including  the Safeguarding American Innovation Act after the recess and include  them in bipartisan competitiveness legislation. If this broader package  is considered on the Senate floor during the first week of the next  work period, we will focus on preparing a bipartisan package from our  committee's jurisdiction to be added during floor consideration.   I know my colleagues and the administration have concerns about  potential overlapping authorities, visa restrictions, and the reporting  requirements for foreign gifts to colleges and universities, among  other issues, I believe we must work through these in a bipartisan  manner. As a result of Senator Portman' s important work and others in  Congress, there has been positive movement already to address these  issues by both the U.S. Government and institutions of higher  education, which have been educating their staff and faculty about  their serious responsibilities to disclose any foreign research support  they receive. I will yield to Senator Portman to discuss the process we  have agreed to undertake in the coming weeks and thank him again for  engaging in this collaborative process.    Thank you, Senator Portman. You have my commitment to  work closely together on this multi-committee process. I believe we can  find common ground with our colleagues and an agreement with the  administration and Leader Schumer in the coming weeks. Thank you for  your partnership on these important issues. I look forward to advancing  an important, bipartisan Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs  Committee package and ensuring our priorities are included in the final  bill passed by the Senate.   