 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 842.   This bill would be the most drastic change to labor law this country  has seen in the past 80 years. It would severely upend labor laws and  change  [[Page H1143]]  long-established precedents at the behest of Democrats and their Big  Labor donors and at the expense of hardworking Americans.   This bill would take away the flexibility of workers to choose their  own work hours, place onerous burdens on small business, restrict the  ability of employers to seek labor relations advice, and violate  workers' privacy by giving labor organizations access to their contact  information without consent.   This bill would also undermine the ability of States to choose their  own labor laws by striking down the right-to-work laws of 27 States.   As a member of the Wisconsin Senate, I authored the right-to-work  bill that became law. I can attest firsthand to what the consequences  would be if these laws were struck down.   Striking down State right-to-work laws would force millions of  workers to pay dues to labor unions without any say about how their  money was spent.   I offered an amendment to this bill that would prevent union dues  from being used for political purposes. It is yet to be seen whether  Democrats will support union bosses or hardworking Americans.    Madam Speaker, this amendment that I authored would  prohibit labor organizations from using union dues and fees collected  from workers for non-collective bargaining purposes without the written  consent of the employee. No employee should be forced to subsidize  political positions they disagree with at the cost of employment.   According to the Center for Union Facts, 43 percent of union  households voted Republican, yet 86 percent of the union political  support went to Democrat candidates in 2016. Clearly, there is a strong  difference of opinion between union bosses and union members on the  best pathway forward, but union bosses continue to spend their members'  money with little accountability.   Workers across Wisconsin and this country pay annual union dues to  labor organizations in exchange for representation, not to line the  pockets of the politicians. This amendment would stop unions from  sending workers' hard-earned money into a black hole and ensure that  the voices of workers are being heard.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this amendment. Employees  nationwide deserve to have a say in how their money is spent.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to call up  H.R. 682, the Reopen Schools Act, to get our kids out from behind  screens and back in the classroom.   