 Mr. President, I am here to emphasize just how important  this budget resolution is to unlocking opportunity for millions of  children across our country. I am here to shine a bright light on a  problem that predates the coronavirus but that has been severely  exacerbated by the ongoing pandemic. I am speaking about the homework  gap experienced by as many as 12 million children in the United States,  who, right now, today, nearly a year into this public health emergency,  still do not have internet access at home and are unable to participate  in online learning.   This is a national disgrace, and it is going to come back to haunt  our Nation for a generation. Children should not be missing the third  grade because they are not connected. They should not be missing the  fifth grade. They are going to pay a huge, long-term price because of  that lack of connectivity. Before the pandemic, these students were at  an educational disadvantage already because they could not complete  homework assignments that required internet access after class, but,  today, the problem is exacerbated with most schools being closed and  household kitchen tables becoming virtual classrooms during the  pandemic. Even as we try to safely reopen schools in the weeks and  months ahead, distance learning is not going away both because of the  continuing health crisis and the need to make up for severe learning  loss during these past 11 months.   The bottom line is that, if a young student has no internet  connection or device, she cannot learn. That means that those 12  million students in America, right now, without connectivity, who are  disproportionately from communities of color, low-income households,  and rural areas, are falling further behind in their studies every  single day that this pandemic continues.   There is no reason the country that invented the internet cannot  provide it to children who need it to learn and to develop. We as a  society simply cannot allow an 8-year-old to miss the third grade  because she does not have the internet at home. These vulnerable  students are no longer facing just a homework gap; they are facing a  learning gap, and it will likely become an opportunity gap for the rest  of their lives because those opportunities come from a good education.  To close this gap and correct this educational injustice, we must  immediately connect these students to the internet. Given its history  and success, it is just common sense that we use the E-rate Program as  a guide to connect students where they are currently learning--at home.   The E-rate, which already connects schools and libraries to the  internet, is a trusted program, deliberately designed to require an  equitable distribution of funding to our most vulnerable communities,  urban and rural, blue and red. I created the program more than two  decades ago, and it has since invested more than $52 billion in the  educational connectivity for children, especially in the poorest  communities, and that has unleashed another $50 billion. From the State  and local levels, which is $100 billion from that E-rate Program that I  authored out of the House of Representatives in 1996, it is still the  greatest educational technology program in the history of our country.   It has led to the deployment of this technology on school desks at  the same rate for poor children as rich children. That is the first  time that has ever happened. Yet, today, there is a gap because many of  these children--millions of them--do not have it at home. That is the  gap. In many instances, it is not a digital divide; it is a poverty  divide that is leading to this crisis. It is a poverty divide. Because  their parents cannot afford the connectivity and because they cannot  have this service for their children, we are going to see an absolute  disgrace which will befall our country when we look back and see what  has happened to these kids.   That is why we need in this reconciliation package billions of  dollars which are going to be included. We have to make sure that the  funding is there for every city, for every school system, for every  parent to have a kid who is connected for as long as this takes, and we  don't know how long it is going to take. Children are only 20 percent  of our population, but they are 100 percent of our future, and, right  now, we  [[Page S420]]  are leaving behind millions of them who will have much less of an  opportunity to be able to maximize their God-given abilities.   I am here to say that the one thing we must do this time, which the  Republicans forced out of the package in December, is put the billions  of dollars in in order to make sure that all children have access to  the internet at home for their educational opportunities.   