 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to call up H.R.  682, the Reopen Schools Act, to get our kids out from behind screens  and back in the classroom.    Mr. Speaker, the right of the people to keep and bear  arms in the United States is a fundamental principle expressed in our  Bill of Rights.   Let me be clear: I will never do anything to infringe upon this right  clearly laid out in our Second Amendment, but this bill, H.R. 8, will  do just that.    H.R. 8 is a sweeping piece of legislation that imposes burdens on the  constitutional rights of law-abiding citizens. It is plain and simple.  This bill is another attempt by Democrats to limit the rights of the  American people.   This legislation would make it a crime, subject to limited  exceptions, to simply hand a firearm to another person. This bill could  trigger penalties of up to a year in prison and a $100,000 fine.   This bill would make it illegal to transfer a firearm to another  person during a life-threatening emergency. That could be considered a  crime punishable by a fine of monetary dollars.   Also, just so we are on the same page, universal background checks do  not stop criminals from possessing firearms. As my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle have said: In the United States less than one  percent of criminals who had possessed a firearm during their offense  got firearms through legal channels--less than one percent. That means  that these criminals obtained their firearms outside of the setting  that would require a background check to begin with.   What makes you believe that this legislation would change that, Mr.  Speaker?   Our solution should be focused on improving access to mental  healthcare services, addressing the root causes of violence, and  carrying out our existing laws through investments in our law  enforcement and community programs--not walking all over law-abiding  citizens for protecting their loved ones. We all swore to uphold the  Constitution, and it should be our goal in this Congress to work  against legislation like this that would clearly infringe on our Second  Amendment rights of American citizens.   Mr. Speaker, I will be a resounding ``no'' when it is time to vote.   