 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I was disappointed to learn yesterday  that President Biden had walked away from negotiations on  infrastructure spending with Senator Capito.   For several weeks, the ranking member of the EPW Committee has been  engaged in good faith on finding common ground with the administration.  She has led several of our colleagues in literally exhaustive efforts  to put a bipartisan deal within reach.   Senate Republicans proposed historic investments in the kinds of  things most Americans would call actual infrastructure. They met and  exceeded the President's own threshold demands, and then they were left  at the table.   Our colleagues weren't wrong to bet on bipartisanship. For one thing,  it is what the American people actually deserve. For another, as I have  noted before, infrastructure investments have historically featured  overwhelming bipartisan consensus. But an agreement requires that  actually each side is willing to give up some of what it wants. And as  we learned yesterday, President Biden is unwilling to let go of some of  the most radical promises he made to the leftwing of his party.   From the day the White House rolled out its first ``infrastructure''  plan in  [[Page S4001]]  March, it has been clear that the left's definition of the word is  evolving faster than even some Democrats can actually keep up with.  Medicaid expansion is now infrastructure, paid leave is now  infrastructure, and job-killing tax increases to hold the assortment  all together.   At every step of the way, Republicans have focused on targeted  investments in roads, bridges, airports, waterways, and broadband  infrastructure the American people actually need.   But yesterday, President Biden showed that his patience for the  smart, bipartisan approach was wearing thin. He directed Democratic  leaders in Congress to get ready to ram through more expansive,  unrelated spending unilaterally.   Meanwhile, Senator Capito and our colleagues on the EPW Committee  continue to demonstrate that bipartisan infrastructure investment is  actually still within reach.   In April, the Senate passed their water infrastructure bill by a  count of 89 to 2. And just a couple weeks ago, the committee reported  out a historic investment to surface transportation, and they did it  unanimously. It is disappointing that President Biden has been  unwilling to follow the Senate's productive example.   And now some of our colleagues have signaled that they intend to use  this month to depart from that example, themselves. The Democratic  leader has laid out a partisan agenda he seems to hope will illustrate  that the Senate is somehow broken.   Remember, the Senate is 50-50--50-50. The American people did not  hand the Democrats a mandate in the Senate. This series of radical  proposals has no chance of becoming law, but every intention of  justifying reckless changes to the way the body actually operates-- plans to jam hospitals, schools, and small businesses with new high- stakes tests of ``wokeness,'' to dramatically curtail Americans' right  to keep and bear arms, and, of course, to tip the scales of our  electoral system permanently in their favor.   Yesterday, the radical parade began with an attempt to use the cause  of paycheck fairness as cover for placing unprecedented new legal  burdens on American employers. Wage discrimination on the basis of sex  has been illegal for 60 years. Wage discrimination on the basis of sex  has been illegal for 60 years. What Democrats proposed yesterday was to  kick down carefully constructed protections to leave even the smallest  American business at risk of unlimited liability in workplace cases-- listen to this--even where malice plays no part. Their bill would force  workers to opt out of, rather than into, class-action suits--in other  words, a gift-wrapped bonanza for the trial bar. Unsurprisingly, that  gambit not only failed to pass; it failed to even unite a majority of  the Senate.   So if our colleagues intended to actually earn support for consensus  steps on paycheck fairness, they might have considered subjecting their  proposal to scrutiny through the normal legislative process--perhaps a  markup or even a committee hearing.   Well, apparently when your agenda is designed to fail, regular order  is just a waste of time.   