 Madam Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman  from Colorado for yielding.   It is true. Today, in the Congress, the Treasury Secretary of the  United States, Janet Yellen, testified that we will run out of  borrowing ability on October 18, next month. What this is, is a  pernicious, dangerous threat to the United States of America that is  happening right now. A lot of people don't realize it because, as Mr.  Neguse just mentioned, extending or suspending the debt limit has been  a routine, a normal thing for us to do, something that, in the words of  Senator McConnell himself, is essential for keeping our economy moving,  protecting American jobs, and preserving the livelihoods of many, many  Americans.   So the question is, what are we doing? Why do we have to do this? Why  do we have to stand here tonight and stand up for the full faith and  credit of the United States?   It is because the economy depends on it, not only the economy of  America, but the economy of the world depends on the full faith and  credit of the United States of America.   Credit is vital to the operation of any economy. Any businessperson  knows that. Every businessman, every businesswoman knows that his or  her business runs on their credit and their credit rating. They know  that credit, every loan, every loan decision, is based on the strength  of the promise to repay, and that is what we are talking about here.   If a promise to repay a loan isn't strong, that loan is not made. If  the strength of the promise to repay a loan is not there, then either  the loan is not made or they have to charge a much higher interest rate  to reflect the extra risk in getting repaid. It is all about repaying  your loans.   If there is one thing that has been a constant in these United  States, and something that we have been really proud of in our Nation  for generation after generation, it is that if there is one rock-solid,  dependable promise in the world, it is that the United States of  America will pay its bills. That is a rock-solid promise, and it is  something that reverberates in the world's economies.   That is why we have such a strong economy and a base from which to  grow it. That is why we are able to run a government and build bridges  and roads, and why we are able to maintain armed services in this  country. It is why we are able to function as a nation and as an  economy.  [[Page H5500]]    It is the foundation for our country's credit and financial systems.  It is the source of confidence that powers our national economy. It is  what makes our American dollar the currency of the world.   To threaten that by threatening to crash our obligations, to default  on the obligation of the United States, it is the most irresponsible  thing that I have heard of, even in the words of Senator McConnell  himself, who, hours after Secretary of the Treasury Janet Yellen  testified that October 18 is the day when we default on our  obligations, hours after that, Senator McConnell over in the Senate  whipped a ``no'' vote on suspending the debt limit, doing exactly what  he said must not be done, endangering jobs, endangering our economy,  threatening Americans savings.   What will happen? We will talk about this a little bit later.    Sure. That is really the big question here tonight.   Before I get to that, I want to commend my colleague from  Pennsylvania for that excellent and well-thought-out legislation. If I  can, I want to ask Congressman Boyle a question.   Your legislation that would vest the decision on the debt limit in  the Treasury Secretary, would that apply to both Democratic and  Republican Treasury Secretaries?    When you asked her, Secretary Yellen, about what  would happen if we turned our back on our national debt, defaulted on  our promises, just went back on our promise to pay, when you asked her  that, did she talk about what could happen to the stock market?    I am not surprised. Go ahead.    Sure. Well, it is pretty obvious that every economist  that you talk to finds it unthinkable that our Nation would turn its  back on our obligations. When you ask them, What happens if we do? The  first thing they say is that the stock market crashes.   In fact, it would be so bad that the stock market would crash more  than 20 percent. 20 percent is the level at which--if it comes down 20  percent, they have to halt trading in New York on the stock market. It  is such a catastrophe. That would happen.   Now, we have stock market crashes, and then there are other stock  market crashes, but this is the kind of stock market crash that would  be caused by an undermining of the confidence and the faith in the  United States economy and the Government's ability and willingness to  pay its debts. That rock solid promise that the world economy relies on  would be gone. And so much of what drives an economy and makes it  strong is confidence in governments and confidence that promises to pay  will come true.   If that happens, that would be the kind of stock market crash that  would presage not only a recession but a great depression. The last  time we had that kind of a stock market crash was in 1929, and it led  to a great depression that led to unemployment rates of over 15 and up  to 20 percent of this country. It was unbelievable how bad the  depression was. It lasted for over a decade.   It would be a catastrophe in this country of a magnitude we can't  imagine. Nobody in our generation has had to live through something  like that.   As a result, we have to talk about these things as if they would  actually happen. If the country defaults on its debt, there will be a  stock market crash, and it would be followed by a great depression,  which is horrible, horrible damage that would be caused by nothing more  than a political stunt by Senator Mitch McConnell.    I would hope that, but my hopes have been dashed  before. We have seen this story before in different aspects.   In fact, we are approaching the 8-year anniversary now of what  happened when I was a freshman Representative in 2013. It was October  1. The government shut down. At that time, the debate of the day was  the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and there was the  demand by the Republicans in the Senate that we repeal the Patient  Protection and Affordable Care Act, and if we didn't, they were going  to shut the government down.   Madam Speaker, they did shut the government down. They shut it down  for 16 days in October. And I can tell you, when they do these things,  they do damage the economy and they did damage the economy in 2013 in  the fall.  [[Page H5502]]    In fact, in my own district, we actually measured how much damage was  done to the economy in northeastern Pennsylvania. We have this  marvelous asset, the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, that  had to shut down because of that government shutdown.    Now, this happened the first 16 days of October, which always is a  very lucrative tourist season in northeastern Pennsylvania. The people  are out to see the beautiful resplendent colors of the fall in  northeastern Pennsylvania.   Because the national park had to shut down for those 16 days, leaf  peeper season went out the window. And all of the little businesses  ringing that national park in Pike County and Monroe County,  Pennsylvania, the restaurants and the motels and the gas stations and  all of the little businesses that survive off the tourism every year,  they got murdered during that shutdown. In fact, we measured that per  day. That damaged our economy to the tune of $400,000 a day in my  district alone.   The question is: Would Mitch McConnell go ahead and damage our  economy purposely to make a political point? The answer is, yeah, he  probably would. It looks like he is doing it, and they have done it  before, and they don't care.   So it is a sad answer, I know. But the truth is, they would rather  score a political point and do harm to our Nation's economy than stick  up for the full faith and credit of the United States.   