 Madam President, let me say that I agree with my  colleague from Oklahoma who just talked about the impact of the Federal  supplement on unemployment that was passed here in this Chamber and  signed into law by the President. It is time to end it because the  situation has changed dramatically, hasn't it?   Back when the unemployment additional benefit from the Federal  Government was put in place, we had people who couldn't go to work.  Thanks to COVID, businesses actually were shut down, many by government  edict.  [[Page S2761]]  There were people who lost their jobs through no fault of their own.  Therefore, this Chamber stood up and said: OK, for those people, we  ought to provide a Federal supplement on top of the State unemployment  insurance in order to make them whole, essentially. Initially it was  $600. Now it is $300. That is on top of the State unemployment.   Now you have an exact opposite situation. You have all these jobs  that are open. I just learned that in Oklahoma, it is a record number.  Guess what. It is a record number nationally as well: 8.1 million jobs  are being offered right now. That is more jobs than we have ever had  open in the United States of America, and it is happening right now.   At the same time, you have people on unemployment insurance who are  getting the additional $300 on top of the State benefit. In Ohio, the  average is $360 plus $300, so 660 bucks a week. Plus, the first $10,000  is not taxed. So if you are a truckdriver making 40,000 bucks a year,  you are being taxed, but if you are on unemployment insurance, your  first $10,000 of UI is not being taxed. How is that fair?   Well, it creates an additional disincentive to go to work. I am not  saying it is the only reason people aren't going back to work, but if  you talk to the small business folks in your State, you will find it is  one of the big reasons. I think it is the biggest one.   Another one is that people are having tough time finding childcare. I  get that. Childcare is expensive. Part of the solution to that, of  course, is to get the kids back to school. Fifty-four percent of K-8  schools are back in business, but the rest aren't. Schools being closed  makes it really tough for parents to go back to work because one parent  has to be there to take care of the kids. That is true.    Then, finally, there is an issue of the skills gap. I get that. The  jobs that are available, some of them are skilled jobs. There are  720,000 manufacturing jobs in America open right now--right now. Yet a  lot of them do require a skill level that, unfortunately, our system of  education and training has not prepared people for. This is why our  young people need to be given more opportunities to get those industry- recognized certificates to become a welder or become a technician or  become a coder in the IT world or become a truckdriver, because we need  those skills badly.   But the biggest reason, again, that I am hearing all over my State of  Ohio is the fact that people are saying: You know what, I am making  what I can make on UI, and that is more than I can make at work. For 42  percent of Americans, on average, that is true. Forty-two percent are  making more on UI. That is not even including the fact that the first  $10,000 is tax-free. In Ohio, it is more than double the minimum wage.  That is what people are making.   So this is a problem right now, and we should face it. By the way, it  is in the interest of everybody to resolve this issue. It is in the  interest of the small businesses that can't find people. Some of these  businesses are literally shutting down. Geordie's, a restaurant in  Columbus, OH, is closed. They literally closed because they can't find  workers. Other restaurants all over the State of Ohio are going 5 days  a week instead of 6 or 7 days a week or cutting a shift because they  can't find workers. So it is definitely helpful for those small  businesses and for all businesses, but, second, it is great for the  taxpayer to not have to pay that extra 300 bucks a week. It is billions  of dollars, tens of billions of dollars, even hundreds of billions of  dollars when it is all added together, compared to what it would be  under current law, where the $300 supplement goes until Labor Day-- Labor Day--with 8.1 million jobs open right now.   Finally, I would argue it is particularly good for workers to get  back to work, to get back to their careers, to get back to the training  they need to keep up with what is going on at work.   It is not in anybody's interest to have folks not back in the  workforce. We should all want people to be back at work getting the  fulfillment you get from work and the dignity and self-respect that  come from work, but getting a paycheck and getting healthcare insurance  again and getting back into their 401(k) plans and, again, closing that  resume gap so they are up to speed on the training.   I will tell you what is happening, and this is what concerns me and I  think should concern every Member of this Chamber. Businesses are  adjusting. Do you know what they are doing? They are not just shutting  down. They are not just closed 2 days a week. They are not just cutting  out a shift. Some of them are changing the way they operate in order to  be more efficient. What does that mean? That means, when you can't find  workers, you turn to technology, you turn to automation. And it is  happening.   I know there are Members of this Chamber who think that by giving  more money to people, this is a very smart thing to do and it is  helping everybody. It is not helping because those jobs are not going  to be there in the future.   There was a story in the Washington Post today about Huntington  Bancshares. It is a bank in Columbus, OH. They are fielding literally  dozens of calls from business owners who are trying to get financing to  buy more equipment that will offset their loss in workers; in other  words, more automation, more technology that they would not have  otherwise gone to, but because they can't find any workers, they are  using their money they would have paid workers to go to more  technology. Those jobs are gone.   I know, again, some people, maybe on my side of the aisle, think that  might be a good thing, a more efficient economy. I want people at work.  I want companies to be hiring more people.   A good friend of mine is a manufacturer. She has about 200 people.  She makes a great product--windows--in Ohio, southwest Ohio, Hamilton,  OH. She is looking for 60 people right now. Sixty people. She is  offering a signing bonus of a thousand bucks and offering other  benefits. People aren't showing up. But when the $300 ends and when the  additional $10,000 of unemployment insurance not being taxed ends,  people will go back to work.   The first State to decide ``You know what, we are going to  unilaterally just say we are not going to take the $300`` was the State  of Montana. My colleague from Montana told me recently that he has a  friend who is a hotel owner, and he was having a job fair every week  trying to get people to come in to apply for jobs. He was getting about  one applicant per week. The week after the Governor said no more $600  or no more $300 benefit on unemployment insurance in addition to the  State benefit, 60 people showed up. That may be an extreme example, but  I have to tell you, it is going to make a big difference.   Let's help get this economy going again. We are turning the corner on  COVID. We have a situation now where we can actually get started again,  get the businesses reopened.   I talked about the business owner in Columbus, OH, who was closed  down. Do you know what his comment was? He said: I used the PPP  program.   That is the Paycheck Protection Program, which we all passed here.   I got through COVID. We struggled, but we made it through COVID. We  could make it through COVID, but now we can't make it because of our  own government paying people more not to work on unemployment insurance  than we can pay them to work.   He feels like his own government has turned on him.   That is not helping anybody. It is not helping the small businesses,  it is certainly not helping the taxpayer, and it is not helping those  individuals who are not getting back to work, back to their routines,  back to the training, back to the 401(k) plan, back to their healthcare  plan, and having the opportunity to achieve their American dream.   I hope that we change our minds here and don't continue this until  September 6 and decide, instead, let's get people back to work.   I would also be for a $100-a-week signing bonus if people were to go  back to work. I think that would be a good use of funding. Let's, say,  do that for 6 weeks and at the same time stop the $300 Federal  supplement. By doing that, those 8-million-plus jobs that are available  right now would start to get filled, and we could really get our  economy back on track.   I yield back my time   