 Mr. Speaker, millions of American school children will  soon have missed a year of in-person instruction, and we may have  inflicted permanent damage on some of them and on our country.   The educational losses are disproportionately the fault of Democratic  Governors and mayors. Those are not my words but the content of an  article in The New York Times.   The article goes on to say: ``The blunt fact is that it is Democrats,  including those who run the West Coast, from California through Oregon  to Washington State, who have presided over one of the worst blows to  the education of disadvantaged Americans in history. The result: more  dropouts, less literacy and numeracy, widening race gaps, and long-term  harm to some of our most marginalized youth.''   The article continues: ``As many as 3 million children in the United  States have missed all formal education, in-person or virtual, for  almost a year.''   Democrat policies leaving schools closed have inflicted a pandemic of  depression, anxiety, behavioral problems, drug abuse, and suicide among  school-age children. You said this bill will get children back in  school, but the funds in this bill that are education-related have  nothing to do with reopening schools. It leaves them closed.   I hope parents of the children who are locked out of their schools  are watching what you are doing, how you have abandoned their children  in favor of your powerful political friends. I can only hope they never  forget that, at the moment they needed you to step up and do the right  thing, you failed them and their children.   Mr. Speaker, millions of American schoolchildren will soon have  missed a year of in-person instruction, and we may have inflicted  permanent damage on some of them, and on  [[Page H846]]  our country. The educational losses are disproportionately the fault of  Democratic governors and mayors who too often let schools stay closed  even as bars opened.   Those are not my words, but the content of an article in the New York  Times. The Times article goes on to say, The blunt fact is that it is  Democrats--including those who run the West Coast, from California  through Oregon to Washington State--who have presided over one of the  worst blows to the education of disadvantaged Americans in history. The  result: more dropouts, less literacy and numeracy, widening race gaps,  and long-term harm to some of our most marginalized youth.   It continues, The San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank this month  estimated that educational disruptions during this pandemic may  increase the number of high school dropouts over 10 years by 3.8  percent, while also reducing the number of college-educated workers in  the labor force. This will shrink the incomes of Americans for 70  years, until the last of today's students leave the work force, the  bank said.   As many as three million children in the United States have missed  all formal education, in-person or virtual, for almost a year.   Finally, The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found, ``in- person learning in schools has not been associated with substantial  community transmission.'' The British Medical Journal this week put it  this way in an editorial: ``Closing schools is not evidence based and  harms children.'' I remind you, this is from the New York Times.   Democrat policies have inflicted a pandemic of depression, anxiety,  behavioral problems, drug abuse, and suicide among school-age children.  Democrats, including President Biden, have said you will follow the  science on school openings, but that is not what is being done. You  said this bill will help get children back in school, but instead, you  are bailing out the teachers' union's pension plans, building a bridge  in New York, constructing an underground tunnel in Silicon Valley,  bailing out incompetently run state governments, lavishing money on  museums and the arts. The funds in this bill that are education-related  have nothing to do with reopening schools. It leaves them closed.   I hope parents of the children who are locked out of their schools  are watching what you are doing, how you have abandoned their children  in favor of your powerful political friends. I can only hope they never  forget that at the moment they needed you to step up and do the right  thing . . . you failed them and their children.   I urge my colleagues to vote NO on this bill.   