 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  consider Calendar No. 390, and that the Senate vote on the nomination  without intervening action or debate.   There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the  nomination.    I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, all without intervening action  or debate; that no further motions be in order to the nomination; that  any statements related to the nomination be printed in the Record; and  that the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    I ask unanimous consent that the Senate consider the  following nominations en bloc: Calendar Nos. 392 through 399; that the  Senate vote on the nominations en bloc, without intervening action or  debate; that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table, with no intervening action or debate; that any statements  related to the nomination be printed in the Record; and that the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.   There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the  nominations en bloc.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business,  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk,  and I ask for its first reading.    I now ask for a second reading, and in order to place the  bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to my  own request.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m.,  Wednesday, October 6; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning  hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date,  the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the  day, and morning business be closed; that upon conclusion of morning  business, the Senate proceed to executive session to resume  consideration of the Merriam nomination; further, that the cloture  motion on the Merriam nomination ripen at 11:30 a.m.; that if cloture  is invoked on the nomination, all postcloture time expire at 2:15 p.m.;  finally, if the nomination is confirmed, that the motion to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table, the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action, and the Senate then resume  legislative session.    If there is no further business to come before the  Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the  previous order following the remarks of Senators Barrasso and Collins.   