 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, over the weekend, Israeli fighter jets  demolished an office building in Gaza that housed the members of Hamas,  the terrorist organization dedicated to wiping Israel and its people  off the map, and they are actively pursuing that mission as we speak by  firing thousands of rockets and missiles indiscriminately into Israeli  cities.   To minimize civilian casualties, the Israeli Defense Forces gave  persons in the building 1 hour advance notice the building was coming  down. Everyone evacuated safely, including, one sadly assumes, Hamas  fighters. When the airstrike came, there were no reported civilian  casualties.   Certain activists in the press seem to meet every Israeli airstrike  against terrorists with outrage, but this one elicited even more self- righteous indignation than usual. It quickly came to light that the  Associated Press and Al Jazeera had news bureaus in that very  building. The AP had lost prime real estate in the strike--real estate  with a rooftop terrace. Some even lost their cameras.  [[Page S2557]]    The AP's top newsman said he was ``shocked and horrified'' by an  airstrike that caused no casualties. He also disclaimed any knowledge  of Hamas's presence in the building, despite ``actively check[ing].''  Many other journalists and their advocacy organizations also mounted up  on their moral high horses against Israel.   But the AP story just didn't add up. So I asked a few basic questions  in a speech right here yesterday afternoon; namely, why was the  Associated Press sharing a building with Hamas in the first place? Did  it knowingly allow its journalists to be used as human shields by a  U.S.-designated terrorist organization? Did the AP pull its punches and  decline to report for years on Hamas's misdeeds?   One would think that these are simple and reasonable questions, but I  directed them to a media organization. So the usual suspects circled  the wagons, expressing more outrage at my audacity to question AP's  leadership than they do at Hamas for trying to kill Jews by the  thousands.   Keith Olbermann called me an ``anti-Constitution, anti-Free Press,  racist fascist.'' One Slate reporter wrote that I was making ``deranged  insinuations'' and going to ``bat against civilians in a war-zone,''  even though no civilians had been harmed in this airstrike.   The constant refrain of their criticism was that I was attacking the  brave reporters of the Associated Press's Gaza bureau. My claims were  baseless, reckless, ``without evidence,'' they claimed. But, in fact,  there is plenty of evidence that some media outlet station in Gaza  allowed themselves to be used as pawns by Hamas.   According to an article from the Atlantic magazine in 2014, written  by none other than, yes, a former Associated Press reporter, the AP had  abundant reason to suspect Hamas's presence years before the IDF  informed them by telephone last weekend. According to the article,  Hamas fighters burst into the AP's Gaza bureau during a previous  conflict and threatened the staff. Hamas also launched missiles right  outside the AP's office. In each case, somehow the intrepid reporters  of the Associated Press's Gaza bureau didn't even report on these  incidents.   The AP instead turned a blind eye to terrorism and embraced a culture  of silence on behalf of murderers who actively endangered its own  reporters and staff. What is equally scandalous is that the AP  continued to locate their offices in a building they knew was  dangerous. The AP had been in that building for 15 years. Hamas  fighters had threatened AP staff and its offices and launched missiles  right outside on the street. In 15 years did no one ever say: Gosh, I  wonder why Hamas keeps running around our office building? Did no one  in AP's leadership think: You know, maybe we should move our people to  a safer building in a better neighborhood?   Under the circumstances, I am not sure what is worse, that the AP  knew they shared their building with Hamas or that they didn't know.   Instead of uncovering the truth, the AP concealed it. Then, when the  IDF carried out its fully justified and wholly appropriate airstrike,  the AP condemned Israel in one final parting gift to their neighbors  from Hamas.   Now, one would think that this episode might result in some soul- searching. The AP's leadership might see it as a humbling moment,  instead of an opportunity to self-aggrandize and play the victim. But  the AP's willingness to double down on their Hamas apologism raises,  yet again, some more uncomfortable questions. Would the AP allow its  reporters to share a building with al-Qaida? What about ISIS? Because  there are little differences between these U.S.-designated terrorist  organizations and Hamas.   Some prestigious news outlets have fallen pretty far from the heights  they once occupied. Being a reporter, and, certainly, a war  correspondent, can be honorable work. Great men and women, including  Winston Churchill, have dedicated themselves to the profession.  Correspondents have gone to the frontlines and reported on some of the  deadliest conflicts in human history with courage, commitment to truth,  and patriotism.   During the Second World War, for example, a great American named  Ernie Pyle marched alongside GIs in North Africa, Italy, Normandy, and  the Pacific, reporting right up until the moment he was killed by  Japanese machine-gun fire. He did some of his very best work for none  other than the Associated Press.   Ernie Pyle was the farthest thing from an old press hack. He  described the fighting up close and advocated for better pay and  conditions for the troops. He could be critical of the services when  they were wrong, but he never forgot whose side he was on, and he never  gave up his commitment to telling the stories of normal people and the  hard-working troops on the frontline.   Before America's entrance into the war, Pyle reported from the  streets of London during the Blitz, recounting the terrifying scenes  for readers back home in the States. He told the story of a resolute  people under siege and forced into bombshell shelters by an  indiscriminate and evil attacker--a people unbent and unbroken by  terror, dedicated to victory, no matter the adversity.   We often learn from reporting like that, but you may not read it  these days in the Associated Press.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   