 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished ranking  member from Missouri for yielding this time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 1868, the  Democrats' attempt to put a Band-Aid on their out-of-control spending,  and this bill tries to remove, as the others speakers have said, the  tough consequences of their continued reckless and irresponsible  spending.   Last week, the Democrats passed their massive $2 trillion blue State  bailout package with the intent to burden future generations of  Americans with yet another layer of crippling debt and inevitably  higher taxes for years to come.   This was yet another effort to further use the COVID virus as an  opportunity to fund their leftist expansion of government, climate  extremism, woke social justice, and radical progressive agenda. At $2  trillion, the Pelosi bailout bill would spend another $6,000 per  American citizen. This $6,000 in debt, per citizen, with the chance for  some to receive a $1,400 check, is a raw deal for Americans. Everybody  gets an IOU for $6,000; some people get a $1,400 check in return.   Only 9 percent of the $2 trillion is even related to COVID relief,  with the bulk of the spending going to fund these Democrat pet  projects. There is no pressure at all on the teachers' unions to even  reopen the schools in return for the additional $130 billion in the  bill, the Democrats rejected those commonsense amendments to require  the schools to reopen. Only 5 percent of that $130 billion for schools  will even be spent this year in 2021, that is how essential it is for  COVID relief.   Now Democrats are finally acknowledging today that their spending is  out of control and unsustainable, but instead of seeking a true remedy  for their problem, they are once again trying to kick the can down the  road and exempt their spending from longstanding paygo rules.   This new legislation would prevent sequestration for mandatory  spending, which was only triggered in response to the reckless spending  bill they passed last week. Their ill-conceived bill failed to cut  funding for the unnecessary projects prioritized by Democrats, but not  by the American people.   The imminent future sequester cuts this new bill is intended to  address came about as a result of the blatantly partisan and  irresponsible bill the Democrats rammed through last week. Our national  debt is now nearing $30 trillion, an inconceivable number. It equates  to about $90,000 per citizen. This amounts to an economic crisis, a  national security crisis, and we can't afford to ignore it any longer.  A day of reckoning is coming.   But the majority is ignoring it. Any semblance of fiscal discipline  would have resulted in a COVID bill that was maybe 10 to 20 percent of  the $2 trillion that was in H.R. 1319, the Pelosi blue State bailout.  But instead, they unilaterally, on a hyperpartisan basis, rammed  through the $2 trillion to satisfy their left wing, and appease poorly  run blue States and Democratic governors.   Our country cannot continue to afford to race toward fiscal  insolvency, and this bill allows the Democrats to put the pedal to the  metal without consequence, as we speed faster toward a fiscal  catastrophe. Rather than truly helping the country, the bill enables  Democrats' fiscal irresponsibility. Actions like this are why Congress  has such a low, abysmal approval rating.   I will continue to tell my folks back home that I am fighting for  them and their hard-earned tax dollars, while the other side wants to  continue to steal those dollars to fund their future pet projects.   Mr. Speaker, we find ourselves today truly in March madness, and the  Democrats are throwing up another air ball with this legislation. I  urge a ``no'' vote on this bill.   