 Madam President, I rise this afternoon in support of the  freedom-loving people of Ukraine, our friends and our allies in Europe,  and in warning to my fellow Americans, to my colleagues, about a threat  coming from Vladimir Putin's Russian regime. I rise in support of this  American ally whose right to democracy is being threatened. Its right  to self-determination is being threatened. And I rise at this moment,  when there are negotiations going on in this building between  Republicans and Democrats as to how to urge the President of the United  States to respond to a buildup of 90,000 to 100,000 Russian troops on  the border of this sovereign country who is our ally.   The world has watched in recent weeks not understanding, not knowing  what Vladimir Putin has in mind. But there is no question about it,  there is the amassing of troops. They are moving in place all the  supplies and troops it would need if they decide to launch an invasion  of this Member of the United Nations, of this Member of the  Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, this sovereign  nation who wants self-determination.   Our Ukrainian friends are sounding the alarm. They warned us that  Russia could be ready to invade their country by land, air, or sea as  early as next month or February of 2022. I heard their concerns along  with a bipartisan delegation of Senators who attended the Halifax  International Security Conference just a couple of weeks ago in Nova  Scotia.   These are concerns that were voiced today at a bureau meeting of the  Parliamentary Assembly of the Organization for Security and Co- operation in Europe. The threats are serious. The troops are there on  the border of Ukraine, and we have a right to be worried and mindful  about Mr. Putin's latest move in his long campaign to undermine  Ukraine's freedom and sovereignty.   We should never forget what happened in 2014, when troops that he  disavowed but were clearly under his direction invaded the Ukrainian  territory of Crimea. Since then, Russia has provoked a shooting war in  Eastern Ukraine which has cost the lives of more than 13,000 people.  More than 13,000 human beings have died because of the war Vladimir  Putin has caused Russia to make against the people of Ukraine.   Moscow tries to deny and obfuscate the truth, but the world knows the  truth. The OSCE Parliamentary Assembly plainly spoke overwhelmingly in  a resolution that Russia had violated every precept of the final  agreement of the Organization for Security and Co-operation.   Now is the time--and I know many of my colleagues on the other side  of the aisle agree with this--now is the time for the President of the  United States to send a strong signal to Vladimir Putin and his  oligarchs, his ruling inner circle, that there will be serious  consequences not so much for the Russian people, there will be serious  consequences for Mr. Putin and his henchmen on day 1 if he goes ahead  with this invasion--on day 1.   And it troubles me to hear that our friends on the Democratic side of  the aisle and my colleagues on the Republican side of the aisle would  like to pass an amendment on the NDAA that makes this clear and sends a  clear message that on day 1, sanctions will be imposed by our Chief  Executive--by the Commander in Chief of our Armed Forces--and yet we  are stuck on language that might have unintended consequences.   The purpose of my statement this afternoon is to urge the leaders of  the Armed Services Committee, of the Foreign Relations Committee, on  both sides of the aisle, to get together and get the language right so  we make it clear what our consequences will be on Nord Stream 2. I  think Nord Stream 2 should be disallowed on day 1 when Vladimir Putin  invades Ukraine. And I think we can stop this.   I don't want a war with Ukraine and neither do my colleagues and  neither does the President of the United States. The clearest way to  prevent an invasion of our friends in Ukraine is for the United States  to stand strong, to be resolute, to send a signal to the world that  Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine will not be tolerated and that  intolerable consequences will be meted out upon the Putin regime if  this takes place.   We are not where we need to be on the language. There are  negotiations, and I am hopeful the NDAA will be on the floor for  amendments. But the way it is positioned right now, is that a  Democratic amendment will be offered,  [[Page S8844]]  and it will not pass because we think there are holes in it. A  Republican amendment will be offered on Ukraine on sanctions. It will  not pass because, for some reason, the White House believes it is  improper or inadequate. This doesn't have to happen when a clear  majority of this body wants to send a strong signal to Mr. Putin.   I hope that happens, and I urge that on the leadership of this Senate  and on the leaders of these two very important committees.   I yield the floor.   