 Madam President    Madam President, I have been to the floor several times  with Senator Gillibrand not only to compliment her on the hard work she  has put into this bill for so many years now--I think going back to  2013--but also to give my support to this effort as well. She doesn't  need the compliments. She doesn't want them. But I say that she is  entitled to the hard work that she has put into this bill, and it is  time that we pass this legislation.   We are told that the bill will be considered by the Armed Services  Committee as part of the NDAA. That is not a good reason to deny  consideration as a stand-alone bill on the floor, which is what Senator  Gillibrand has been to this floor numerous times to get done, and each  time was objected to.   Now, the Armed Services Committee serves this Senate well for what it  does on military policy, but when it comes to this particular piece of  legislation, it is unfortunate that the Committee has a track record of  gutting provisions that they don't like, even after the provisions  receive the votes to be included.   On another issue, I want to recall what the Senate and House  conferees did to a bill to prevent cuts to the Air National Guard. The  provision was included in both the House and Senate NDAA but was  quietly struck from the conference report. And bringing this bill  separately on the floor of the U.S. Senate and getting it passed will  prevent like things from happening to this sexual assault legislation.   So this legislation is needed now.   I think Senator Gillibrand has said it has 66 cosponsors, and that is  exactly right, because there are far too many women and men in the  Armed Forces being sexually assaulted and most never see justice. The  rates of retaliation are too high, and prosecutions are too low.   Now, over the past month, I have heard favorable comments about  attacking this issue from President Biden. I have heard an independent  commission at the Pentagon speak to it. I have heard Secretary Austin  speak to it. Now, whether they specifically support this legislation or  not, they at least have admitted that sexual assault in the military is  a major, major problem that needs to be dealt with in some way, but I  am saying it will never be dealt with until we get Senator Gillibrand's  legislation passed.   More importantly, it has the votes--66 votes in the U.S. Senate, for  sure, and probably more when people have to put their vote on the line  to be a stand-alone piece of legislation. It is time for the  legislation to finally move forward, and I would urge my colleagues to  allow it to proceed.   But as has happened before, we found out today is not that day. But  that day should have been years ago, considering this problem is  getting worse from year to year and, more importantly, the fact that it  is such a big problem, and retaliation is such a big problem that you  don't even get accurate statistics on the number of people that have  been sexually assaulted, because they know if they go forward and  report it, they will be retaliated against. It is a situation that we  have dealt with for too long without the solutions that have been  promised working, and so the only way to solve this problem is with  Senator Gillibrand's legislation.   I yield the floor.   