 Mr. President, I rise today to urge my colleagues to  confirm several highly qualified nominees who are waiting to get to  work in critical roles across the government.   Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate consider the  following nomination: Executive Calendar No. 404, Rupa Ranga  Puttagunta, of the District of Columbia, to be Associate Judge of the  Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen  years; that the nomination be confirmed; that the motion to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action  or debate; that no further motions be in order on the nomination; and  that the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in  order to make the same request with respect to Executive Calendar No.  406, Kenia Seoane Lopez, of the District of Columbia, to be an  Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for  the term of fifteen years.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in  order to make the same request with respect to Executive Calendar No.  410, Sean C. Staples, of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate  Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of  fifteen years.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in  order to make the same request with respect to Executive Calendar No.  556, Ebony M. Scott, of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate  Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of  fifteen years.  [[Page S8949]]     Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in  order to make the same request with respect to Executive Calendar No.  557, Donald Walker Tunnage, of the District of Columbia, to be an  Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for a  term of fifteen years.    Mr. President.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in  order to make the same request with respect to Executive Calendar No.  511, Susan Grundmann, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Labor  Relations Authority for a term of five years expiring July 1, 2025.    Mr. President.    Mr. President, it is my understanding that the next two  nominees that I will bring forward have been cleared, and I would  certainly urge my colleagues to support their confirmation.   The first is Michael Kubayanda, nominated to serve a second term on  the Postal Regulatory Commission.   Mr. Kubayanda joined the Commission in January of 2019 after he was  unanimously confirmed by the Senate during the last administration.  Earlier this month, his nomination was reported from committee by a  bipartisan vote.   I will say that he brings insight and expertise from decades of  experience in both government and the private sector. During his tenure  as Chairman of the Commission, Mr. Kubayanda has demonstrated his  commitment to working in a bipartisan manner to make the Postal Service  more effective and accountable.   I would urge my colleagues to join me in supporting his nomination.   Next, Mr. President, I would ask my colleagues to join me in  confirming Erik Hooks to be Deputy Administrator of the Federal  Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA.   The Deputy Administrator helps lead FEMA's work preparing for and  responding to disasters, ranging from hurricanes to historic flooding  and wildfires, to the COVID-19 pandemic.   Mr. Hooks has more than 30 years of public safety experience,  including serving as secretary of public safety and homeland security  advisor for the State of North Carolina, where his responsibilities  included overseeing the State's emergency management agency.   I would urge my colleagues to join me in swiftly confirming Mr. Hooks  to this important role as well.   So, Mr. President, I would ask unanimous consent that the Senate  consider the following nominations en bloc: Calendar No. 558 and  Calendar No. 555; that the Senate vote on the nominations en bloc  without intervening action or debate; that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in  the Record; and that the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's action.   