 Madam President, simply stated, President Biden's so- called infrastructure plan helps China and hurts hard-working  Americans. Let me say it again. This bill helps China and hurts hard- working Americans. Less than 5 percent--that is how much of this $2  trillion infrastructure proposal actually goes toward building roads  and bridges in the United States. Instead, this partisan proposal is  loaded with Green New Deal pet projects and an abundance of spending  that stretches far beyond recognition of what hard-working Americans  define as infrastructure.   This is not the first time we have seen Democratic attempts to  redefine the traditional meaning of words. In recent weeks, the White  House has also moved to change how people perceive bipartisanship in  Congress. No longer do our colleagues across the aisle need to secure  Republican votes in order to successfully pass a so-called  ``bipartisan'' bill. One obscure poll with cleverly worded questions  that helps to garner bipartisan support from the respondents will do  the trick. It is a manipulation of words that would allow President  Biden to try to ram through this radical agenda and sell it to the  American people as fulfilling his campaign promise of unity.   President Lincoln once said: ``You can fool all the people some of  the time and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all  the people all the time.''   The American people won't be duped by Washington doublespeak. I  hosted five townhalls this past weekend, and Kansans have their eyes  open to what is in this bill. Kansans understand that while this bill  provides $115 billion for roads and bridges, more than half of over $2  trillion is devoted to green energy projects and the elimination of  fossil fuels.   Among these green provisions is $170 billion for electric car  chargers and tax incentives for purchasing electric cars. It also calls  for electrifying one-fifth of the Nation's school buses and all 650,000  of the U.S. Postal Service's delivery trucks, which will result in  driving up costs to Americans.   When unveiling this infrastructure plan, President Biden mentioned  China six times as he attempted to sell it as a way to compete with  China. However, this rapid jump to electric vehicles does the opposite  and will benefit China more than many hard-working Americans. That is  because China leads the world in manufacturing 80 percent of the  materials needed for batteries and will continue to do so. Of the 136  lithium-ion battery plants in the pipeline between now and 2029, 101  are based in China.   China mines 64 percent of the world's silicon and makes 80 percent of  the world's polysilicon with coal-generated electricity--the key  component to solar panels. This bill will serve as a boon for China  while decimating our domestic oil and gas industry, which helped us  achieve our long-held goal of energy independence in 2019.   This bill will harm our general economic output by taking $2 trillion  out of the private sector. We should really be calling this package the  ``grab your wallet bill'' or ``raise your taxes bill.''   The legislation calls for the largest corporate tax increase in  decades and will put the tax burden on American companies toward the  top of the developed world list. This will make American companies less  competitive in the global market. It is a recipe to kill the economy at  a time when our Nation is still recovering from COVID. It will also  negatively impact our economy in the long-term.   According to projections from the Penn Wharton Budget Model, as a  result of this partisan legislation, overall GDP will be decreased 0.9  percent lower in 2031 and 0.8 percent lower in 2050. Hourly wages would  be down by 0.7 percent in 2031 and 0.8 percent in 2050.   Perhaps what is most disappointing is that this bill demonstrates  that gone are the days when infrastructure packages were an opportunity  to build bipartisan bridges. Thanks to Republicans' control of the  Senate and reaching across the aisle, the two most recent bills  governing spending on roads and bridges both passed with overwhelming  bipartisanship support before they were signed into law.   So in case there is still an opportunity for bipartisanship, let me  tell you what I am for. I am for a package that, No. 1, reaches across  the aisle and rebuilds our aging roads and bridges; next, incentivizes  innovation, invests in future generations, ensures high-speed internet  for all Americans, and reforms our permitting process so that when we  say ``shovel-ready,'' we really mean shovel-ready, as opposed to going  through years of permitting and driving up the cost of the project.   Look, pre-COVID, we had the strongest economy in my lifetime, thanks  to Republican-led policies put in place over the last 4 years. Lower  taxes and deregulation resulted in historically low unemployment rates,  as well as energy independence and affordable energy costs. We need to  get back to these policies and not continue the onslaught of harmful  redtape, proposed tax increases, and unprecedented spending sprees.   The future of our children and grandchildren depends on it.   I yield the floor.   