 Madam President, I rise to speak today on the For the  People Act.   But before I do, I want to take a moment to honor the lives of those  tragically lost in Colorado yesterday by yet another senseless mass  shooting in our country. My heart breaks for their families, but the  sobering and harsh reality is that in many parts of the United States,  it is easier to buy a gun than it is to cast a ballot. In 25 States,  voters must be registered and have specific forms of identification in  order to cast a ballot, but those same States allow people to buy  rifles without permits and require no bond checks for some sales. Think  about that. It seems to me that we have our priorities entirely  backward when it comes to making it easier to buy a weapon than we do  to cast a ballot.   As we work to rebuild our economy for all people, we must acknowledge  that to build an inclusive economy, we need an inclusive democracy.  Just as the pandemic has put a spotlight on the inequities in our  economy and our healthcare systems, so, too, has the pandemic put a  spotlight on the inequities in access to the ballot. The 2020 election,  held in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, demonstrated once again  that we have made it easier for some citizens to vote than others. This  is not an accident.   Depending on where a voter lives, they may or may not have the  ability to register to vote online; they may or may not be able to  participate in same-day registration; they may or may not be able to  vote early or vote by mail. All this varies State by State. This  patchwork has a direct and dramatic effect on whose voices are heard in  our democracy, and, too often, it is working-class communities,  communities of color, young people whose voices are silenced.   For voters whose work schedule does not allow them to wait in line to  vote, the denial of vote-by-mail or early voting denies the opportunity  to vote altogether.   For voters who do not have that specified form of State  identification, even though they are American citizens of voting age  and otherwise eligible to vote, lack of an ID can mean that they will  not be given a ballot, even if they can verify their identity some  other way.   For voters who want to vote by mail and may have access to some form  of vote-by-mail, unreasonable ballot receipt deadlines, a scarcity of  ballot return locations, and/or slow or unreliable Postal Service  delivery can mean that their ballots won't be counted.   For young voters and for those who move frequently, antiquated  registration systems and unreasonably early registration deadlines can  leave them unable to register to vote or to update their registration  record in time to exercise their fundamental right to vote.   All of these voting restrictions have a disproportionate impact on  communities of color. Just like the poll taxes and literacy tests of  the Jim Crow era, the truth is plain for all to see: Voter suppression  laws are rooted in White supremacy.   The For the People Act presents an opportunity for us to establish a  baseline of voting rights and ballot access for all voters. I know that  the For the People Act will improve voting rights in America because,  as California's secretary of state, I helped adopt and implement these  best practices. These include automatic and same-day voter  registration; online voter registration; expanded access to vote-by- mail; extended early voting periods--in-person early voting periods;  and widespread, convenient access to secure, official ballot drop-off  locations. Together, these policies help to ensure equitable access to  the ballot and, in so doing, strengthen our democracy.    While California has led the way in making our elections more  accessible to all voters, the policies we have implemented are not  unique to our State. States like Maine and Alaska have also adopted  automatic voter registration policies. States like Utah, Iowa, Idaho,  and Wyoming also permit same-day voter registration. States like  Florida and Ohio allow no-excuse vote-by-mail and provide voters with  early voting options as well.   The election reforms within the For the People Act are not partisan.  These reforms are not Democrat or Republican. They are common sense and  are proven to work. All voters deserve equal voting rights and equal  access to the ballot.   Colleagues, we are a stronger democracy and a better nation when we  hear all voices from all corners of our Nation and when those voices  are not just heard but counted. By passing the For the People Act, we  can ensure that more voices are heard and more voices are, indeed,  counted.   I yield the floor.   