 Madam President, on January 20, President Joe Biden  gave his inaugural address to the American people, saying that in order  to overcome the challenges we face as a nation and ``to restore the  soul and [to] secure the future of America requires more than words; it  requires that most elusive of things in a democracy: unity. Unity.''   I end the quote.   And he says for a second time: ``Unity.'' In fact, he mentioned the  word ``unity'' nine separate times throughout his inaugural remarks.  Unfortunately, that ``unity'' President Biden preached about is nowhere  to be found.   One hundred days in office, and there has been zero bipartisanship  from the  [[Page S2276]]  White House on any major issue. We have seen zero effort by the White  House to take any Republican idea or concept seriously. In fact, they  have done very little to reach across the aisle, engage Republicans, or  have a serious conversation with us.   They have shown that they are not interested in bipartisanship, as  they continue to jam through their radical agenda and seek power grab  after power grab.   We have seen a record number of Executive orders, the first partisan  COVID relief bill, steps to grant DC statehood to tip the powers of  scale, a directive that threatens private property rights--the  cornerstone of our democracy--an attempt to federalize elections and  destroy election integrity with H.R. 1, threats to eliminate the  filibuster, increased gas prices for Americans at the pump, efforts to  pack the Supreme Court, disguised measures to pass the Green New Deal,  calls to defund police, mandates to allow biological boys to compete in  girls' sports, and tax increases on all Americans, and much, much more.   Things are changing in DC. History will record President Biden as  having spent more money than any other President in U.S. history in his  first 100 days. I am warning everyone: Grab your wallets. History will  record President Biden's misguided policies as making our Nation less  safe, having created a health crisis, a national security crisis, and a  humanitarian crisis at the southern border.   What I hope to hear from President Biden this evening is not likely  to be covered in a speech. He is going to try to explain to us--even  though our economy is recovering and we just borrowed and spent $2  trillion from our grandchildren--why we now need to spend another $2  trillion and why he needs to raise your taxes to do it. He is going to  try to describe the legislation he wants passed as a so-called  infrastructure bill, when less than 5 percent of it is going toward  roads and bridges.   He is going to try to convince Americans of something that is a  misnomer and not a truth. What he won't tell you is this is a recipe to  kill Kansas jobs and an economic catastrophe for this Nation.   Last week, President Biden signed into law a bipartisan bill I  introduced, alongside Senators Bill Cassidy and Tina Smith, to lower  prescription drug prices for the American people. Additionally, we  unanimously passed a bill out of the Ag Committee regarding carbon  markets. These are both great examples of the unity the President spoke  of in his inaugural address--Democrats and Republicans coming together  to deliver solutions for the American people.   These are good first steps, and in case there is more opportunity for  bipartisanship, let me tell you where we can and should start. We can  start with an infrastructure package that actually rebuilds our aging  roads, bridges, and waterways; invest in future generations and ensure  high-speed internet for all Americans and incentivize innovation. We  can start with staying the course laid out by Operation Warp Speed and  get more shots in people's arms so we can reach herd immunity sooner  rather than later. We can start with people getting back to work and  finally unleash our economy to prepandemic levels, and we can start  getting all our kids back in school.   As President Biden said in his inaugural address, ``This is our  historic moment of crisis and challenge, and unity is the path  forward.''   If he truly puts unity above all else, we can accomplish great things  for the American people, for it is unity that will see this country  come roaring back, not President Biden's radical, partisan ways that  have further divided this Nation.   I yield the floor.   