 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia, the  chairman of the Education and Labor Committee for yielding, and I thank  him for his untiring work.   ``No employer . . . shall discriminate, within any establishment in  which such employees are employed, between employees on the basis of  sex, by paying wages to employees in such establishment at a rate less  than the rate at which he pays wages to employees of the opposite  sex.''   That was passed by the Congress of the United States, signed by the  President of the United States in 1963. A half a century later, Mr.  Speaker, the figures belie that promise. The figures are a shameful  recognition of the emptiness of that promise.   Now, I know the gentlewoman from North Carolina, not well, but well  enough. We have served here together for some period of time. I hope  she will take this with a measure of positivity. She is a feisty lady.  She stands up for what she believes. And she is tough. All those things  are said lovingly. God help us if they paid her less than they paid  every male Member of this House.   But we don't. We pay everybody the same, except, I will admit, the  Speaker and myself, so perhaps I am not quite as detached. But  everybody else gets the same. A person who comes in the first day gets  paid as much as a person who has been here 40 years like me. Why?  Because it is the responsibility and duties that we perform that are  being compensated, not our gender.   Now, in this bill and every other bill that has dealt with equal  pay--however, let there be no mistake, clearly, I pay people in my  office who have been there for 10 years more than I pay people that  have been there a year if they are doing the same thing. Period.  Experience counts.   As a lawyer when I ran my law office, I paid people differently based  upon their experience, their education, and other differentials, but  not on the basis of gender. And like the gentleman who spoke before me,  I have one more daughter than he has; he has two daughters, I have  three daughters. Mr. Speaker, they would not be happy today if their  dad came to this floor and voted against this bill, I will tell you  that. I don't know about the gentleman's daughters, but I can tell you  where my daughters would be.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to bring the Paycheck Fairness Act to the  floor, as I did last Congress. The legislation is a critical part of  Democrats' effort to close the gender pay gap and ensure that women  earn equal pay for equal work. Lilly Ledbetter did not get equal pay  for equal work. Period. Unfortunately, she was prevented by the Supreme  Court from making her case. We corrected that.   The House passed a bill in 2019, but the Republican-controlled Senate  failed to do the same, a bill just like this. That was very  disappointing, not only to those of us who have been working hard to  close the gender pay gap in Congress, but more so to the tens of  millions of people in the workforce who deserve to take home pay they  have earned. This is not a gift. This is compensation based upon  ability and contribution, not on gender.   In America today, a woman still earns on average just 82 cents to  every dollar earned by a man. Mr. Chairman, has that been disputed on  this floor? From women of color it is even worse. African-American  women earn on average only 63 cents to the dollar, while Latinas see 55  cents for the same work.    For women who work full time, year-round, the gender pay gap  represents a loss of more than, as the Speaker just said, $400,000.  That ought to be unacceptable to all of us if we believe in equality.   This disparity does not only hurt women, it disadvantages their  entire families, with women's pay critical to household incomes.   Two-thirds of women are now either the primary breadwinner or co- breadwinner of their households, and women's earnings are the main  source of income in more than 4 in 10 households, 40 percent.   Now, the gentlewoman from North Carolina knows full well that  historically we have underpaid women because we thought men were the  breadwinners. They were the people who earned the money. They were the  people who needed money so they could support their families. That is  not true today, if it was ever true. Those households ought not to be  disadvantaged because women are paid less for the same work as their  male counterparts.   I mentioned in 1963 the promise we made as a Nation. In 2009, when I  was majority leader for the first time, I was proud to bring the Lilly  Ledbetter Fair Pay Act to the floor and get it passed.  [[Page H1814]]    I congratulate Rosa DeLauro who is on the floor today, Mr. Speaker.  She has been indefatigable and focused and untiring--I suppose that is  redundant--in her efforts to ensure that women were treated equally.  And one of the best ways to treat people equally is pay them the same  thing for the same job.   The Paycheck Fairness Act builds on its success by making it harder  for businesses to hide the underpayment of women in their employ  through nondisclosure contracts and imposing new civil penalties for  those who violate equal pay rules, among other beneficial provisions.   Now, this has been in effect for half a century, and we haven't  gotten there. Do we need some, yeah, let's get it done, this is what  the law said in 1963? And we really meant it. So let's carry that out  so when the bipartisan, nonpartisan reports are made as to who is  making what for the same job, it will come back men and women are  getting the same pay for the same job with the same skills and the same  seniority.   I hope the Senate will take up this long overdue legislation and pass  it so President Biden can sign it into law and at long last make good  on the promise of the Equal Pay Act nearly six decades ago.   I thank my friend, as I just did, Rosa DeLauro for the work she has  done. I thank Ms. DeLauro on behalf of Susan, on behalf of Stefany, on  behalf of Anne, my daughters, on behalf of Judy and Ava and Brooklyn  and Savannah, my three great granddaughters and my granddaughter. What  she has done, what we can do will make a difference for them, their  families, and our country.   