 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it wasn't enough for Democrats like Stacey  Abrams and President Biden to lie about the new Georgia voting law.  Now, today, Chuck Schumer is sending his lawyers to swarm Montana  courtrooms and has taken to the Senate floor with more distortion.   This time, it is about Montana's new voting laws.   I have a message for Leader Schumer and the Democrats who are trying  to distort the facts and the will of Montana voters: Please get your  facts straight. In Montana we are putting in place some commonsense  reforms that enjoy the strong support of Montanans. Why is the leader  so determined to strike down commonsense efforts to provide integrity  and transparency to our elections?   Let's talk about voter ID. A majority of Americans support needing a  photo ID to cast a ballot. According to the Honest Elections Project,  77 percent of Americans support needing a photo ID  [[Page S2060]]  to vote--77 percent. Why? Because it is common sense and because you  need a photo ID to do many tasks, some quite mundane. You need a photo  ID to get a hunting or fishing license. You need a photo ID to rent a  hotel room, to drive a car, to rent a car, to get on an airplane, to  pick up tickets at will call. If these simple tasks require a valid ID,  shouldn't protecting the integrity of America's election process  require at least the same?   This isn't the first time Leader Schumer and the Democrats have tried  to stick their nose into Montana's business and tried to overturn the  will of Montana voters. In fact, this past election, dark money groups  backed by Chuck Schumer pushed to loosen election standards, such as  ballot harvesting, in Montana, and they won. This is despite the fact  that nearly two-thirds of Montana voters passed a law to prohibit  ballot harvesting.   How is this listening to Montanans? It is not.   Montanans want election integrity. They want to trust their  elections. Yet Leader Schumer continues to undermine their direct  appeal to put commonsense practices in place.   In Montana we want everyone legally allowed to vote to be able to,  and we want there to be zero doubt that those votes should count. All  Montanans--Republicans, Democrats, Independents, Libertarians--should  have faith in our elections.   Montana's legislature, Montana Secretary of State Christi Jacobsen,  and Montana Governor Greg Gianforte wanted to strengthen this trust,  and that is what they did with these commonsense bills.   The distortion by Democrats in this country is eroding this trust.  This must stop.   I yield the floor.   