 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the amendment from  Mr. Tonko and Mr. McKinley to reauthorize and standardize the  management of the National Heritage Areas, and salute them for their  commitment across multiple sessions of Congress to institute critical,  lasting protections for our nation's National Heritage Areas.   This amendment would address the haphazard and confusing patchwork of  authorizations for National Heritage Areas across the country, with two  right here in my neck of the woods, by instituting a universal timeline  to ensure these natural treasures are not subject to arbitrary lapses  in authorization. These heritage areas create jobs, establish  destinations that people want to visit and vacation to, and are a smart  investment in both the economy and the natural environment.   Support from the federal government is what provides these areas with  the foundation needed to preserve and protect these natural spaces, but  the work just starts there--from that federal support, these National  Heritage Areas leverage countless dollars and volunteer hours to  promote the environment and identity of their surrounding regions.   Two of those treasures are especially close to my heart and would be  reauthorized for 15 years under this amendment--the Last Green Valley  National Heritage Corridor and the Upper Housatonic Valley National  Heritage Area. Both areas are incredible assets to eastern Connecticut  and the Northeast with the Last Green Valley encompassing 35 towns  stretching from eastern Connecticut to Massachusetts. First designated  as a National Heritage Corridor by Congress in 1994, the area spans  1,100 miles in Connecticut alone, remains 77 percent forest and farm,  and is the last stretch of dark night sky in the sprawl between Boston  and Washington, D.C.   My colleagues from Connecticut and Massachusetts know that  investments in our open spaces provide an enormous value for taxpayers,  and I salute our neighbor and friend for his amendment which would  ensure that these wonders are protected for future generations to  enjoy.   