 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I joined some of my colleagues at the White  House yesterday to talk with President Biden and Vice President Harris  about what it will take to make real progress against the pandemic and  to make a real difference in people's lives. Our country is in the  middle, as we know, of a once-in-a-generation crisis, and this is our  opportunity to deliver for them.   Yesterday, I came to the floor to talk about the need for direct  stimulus checks and for rental assistance and tax cuts for working  families and to use the Defense Production Act to get more people  vaccinated more quickly.   Today, I am here to talk about the critical help in this plan, the  Biden plan, for our Nation's veterans and their families.   Since the beginning of the pandemic, 9,300 veterans have died of  COVID-19. Right now, at least 9,000 veterans are sick with this virus.  Our plan would ensure that frontline VA employees would have the  protective equipment they need to continue to do their jobs every day  as they care for our veterans. It would help us get more veterans and  VA workers vaccinated. We know that nothing is more critical now than  getting vaccines into people's arms, especially as we face new, more  contagious variants. So far, the VA has provided some 800,000 initial  doses of vaccines to veterans and employees. Additional funding would  ramp up both vaccine distribution and COVID treatments for those who  answer the call to service.   In order to continue to meet our Nation's and veterans' medical  needs, the VA has shifted to new methods of caring, including expanded  telehealth. We know the need for expanded capabilities will only  continue to grow. The VA will need additional funding to meet veterans'  needs where they are--so they can stay home and so they can stay safe  whenever possible--and provide them with the healthcare they have  earned.   In many cases, the VA was able to freeze bills, if you will, to  veterans who accrued copayments and fees for care during the pandemic.  That was the right move. In discussions with VA Medical Center  directors in Ohio, I said we should use as much flexibility as possible  to waive these debts. Some of these copays and fees amounted to $2,000  for some vets. For them to have the bills come due right after the  holidays was cruel as we were seeing cases spike and uncertainty  continue. We know that any large medical bill can be a shock, and  during these uncertain times, we can work to lessen that burden and  especially take away that stress on our veterans. That is why our plan  would provide copayment relief to all veterans as the pandemic  continues. If a vet were charged a VA copay, regardless of whether the  care was COVID-related or not, that copay would be waived. It would  reimburse veterans who have already paid their bills to the VA.   I thank Chairman Tester and Chairman Schatz for their work on this  plan as many of our Nation's veterans have fixed incomes, and it will  mean so much to them not to have to worry about another medical bill.   Last week, Denis McDonough came before our Committee on Veterans'  Affairs. He is the nominee to be the VA Secretary. He was asked about a  proposed program that would require military borrowers who are coming  out of COVID-19 mortgage forbearance to pay back their missed payments  with interest within 10 years. This VA program would be more expensive  than what other Federal mortgage programs are offering.   Think about that. We charge veterans more than others through this  program. It makes no sense. It would make it more likely that VA  borrowers will fall behind on these new, higher monthly payments.   He gave me his word that he would look into the program and would  work with me to ensure that no VA homeowner is left with a worse option  than borrowers in other federally backed loan programs.   We are about to have new leadership at the VA, leadership that  understands that the decisions made in Washington impact veterans in  Portland, ME, in Cincinnati, OH, in Columbus, in Dayton, and in  Chillicothe. Veterans in Cleveland and Toledo don't care how the Senate  passes this. They don't care about regular order or reconciliation.  They just want the help that they need. That is why we need to go big.  Veterans care about when they get the vaccine, when they can get an  appointment with their mental health professionals, and whether their  VA providers have enough personal protective equipment so they can  continue to do their jobs.   So I say to my colleagues of both parties: Let's get this done. There  is no time for squabbling over Senate procedure. The Senate has used  these fast-tracking budget measures over and over in times far less  dire and far less stressful than what we face today.   That is why it is so important that we just go back and remember what  Senator McConnell had no problem with in 2017 during the leader's first  term. He had no problems pouring money into corporations' coffers with  their tax cuts. There was no emergency. The only emergency was that  lobbyists were lined up out in front of Senator McConnell's office,  asking for  [[Page S428]]  tax cuts for their corporations. Now Senator McConnell claims he can't  afford to help everyone else.   We didn't win World War II by worrying about whether or not we could  afford it. General Eisenhower didn't call President Roosevelt in early  June 1944 and say: We have enough dollars for D-day. Of course not. Our  veterans know that. They know we are in a global crisis. They know we  have marshaled all of our vast resources and talent to rise to meet it.  Then we grew the economy, after the war, from the middle class out, and  we paid down the debt with rising wages.   This is a war too. Americans elected new leaders because they were  tired of a President and a majority leader who refused to treat this  war with the same urgency. People are tired of being told that we can't  do it, that we can't afford it, and that we have done enough. Let's aim  higher in this country. Let's deliver for the people we serve. Let's  come together. Let's pass this. Let's make a real difference in  Americans' lives.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, I would  like to ask Senator Paul, in front of everybody, to start wearing a  mask on the Senate floor, like the entire staff does all the time-- particularly the staff. And I appreciate now the Presiding Officer is  wearing a mask, but I wish Senator Paul would show respect to his  colleagues to wear a mask while he is on the Senate floor walking  around.   I withdraw my objection.    Mr. President, I want to thank my friend, the senior  Senator from South Dakota, for working with me on this. We have been  working on this for a full decade now. We worked together in the Ag  Committee to deliver for America's farmers. I want to take the same  approach here.   Healthcare workers, as my friend from South Dakota said, have been on  the frontlines of this pandemic going on for a year now. Not only are  they combating this virus in their own community; many of them have  traveled across State lines, obviously, to do this.   A surprise tax bill is the last thing they need. We should make it  easier for these mobile workers to support themselves and their family.   This is important to a lot of my colleagues. Senator Hassan, Senator  Shaheen, Senator Cortez Masto, and I just talked about it. I thank all  of you for working to make this progress possible.   