 DAVIS of Illinois, Mrs. LAWRENCE,  Messrs. DeFAZIO, GOTTHEIMER, RUPPERSBERGER, CLEAVER, Ms. DAVIDS of  Kansas, Messrs. HOYER, BLUMENAUER, Ms. LEE of California, and Mr. WELCH  changed their vote from ``nay'' to ``yea.''   So the question of consideration was decided in the affirmative.   The result of the vote was announced as above recorded.   A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.   Stated for:    DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I ran for Congress to  help people. To help people in Chicago, in Illinois and across the  country achieve the American dream. The Build Back Better Act  represents a transformative investment in children, families, workers,  businesses, and the planet that will improve health and well-being,  advance economic and environmental justice, meaningfully address  climate change, and grow our economy while asking the wealthiest and  most secure to pay their fair share.   The pandemic has harmed tens of millions of Americans-- disproportionately hurting African Americans and other communities of  color, women, seniors, and children. This legislation directly and  profoundly helps individuals, communities, and businesses build back  better by meeting immediate needs for food, shelter, medical care, and  child care as well as long-term needs for quality education, good- paying jobs, safe roads and water, and a healthy environment.   I am deeply proud that many priorities that I have championed are  included in this historic bill.   It provides 4 weeks of paid family and medical leave for workers so  that they do not face the inhumane choice of caring for loved ones or  financial ruin. As Chair of the Subcommittee with jurisdiction over  paid leave, I have worked closely with Ways and Means Chairman Neal and  advocates to shape this amazing, equity-generating, universal benefit.  Lower-income workers and workers of color are much less likely to have  any paid leave, yet are more likely to need paid leave due to greater  health challenges and less savings to weather caregiving without pay.  Paid leave strengthens workers, families, and businesses, and I will  continue to fight to enact this provision into law.   The bill enhances the Earned Income Tax Credit to improve the  economic well-being and increase the labor-force participation of  millions childless workers and noncustodial parents--with special  improvements to assist younger workers, foster and homeless youth, and  seniors. This provision is expected to help 17 adults nationwide and  over 600,000 in Illinois. I've fought for these improvements since the  early 2000s as part of my Responsible Fatherhood Act.   It provides $2 billion to train workers with barriers to employment-- including people with records--for careers in the allied health  professions, simultaneously connecting people to the labor force and  addressing health profession shortages. This success will help Chicago  State which has a stellar Health Profession Opportunity Grant program  and expand programs like those offered by the Safer Foundation and  Johns Hopkins to help people with records become successful healthcare  professionals.   It helps vulnerable students by making Pell non-taxable and removing  the lifetime ban on the American Opportunity Tax Credit for past felony  convictions.   It incents substantial private investment in solar energy that will  put money in the pockets  [[Page H6228]]  of millions of low-income individuals by reducing electricity costs  while making the air they breathe safer.   It contains strong labor provisions so that our investments in green  energy benefit workers as well as businesses.   It includes $1 billion for to help justice-involved adults and youth  to obtain employment and training services via the Reentry Employment  Opportunities Program. It makes sure that people leaving prison have  Medicaid coverage to improve health and successful reentry.   It includes $2.5 billion for public health approaches to reduce  community violence and trauma interventions. I have championed these  interventions with Senator Durbin in our RISE from Trauma Act.   It helps restore fairness to the tax code by rolling back the  Republicans' punitive limit on the State and Local Tax deduction to  hurt citizens and public employees in blue states like Illinois.   The Build Back Better Act dramatically reduces child poverty via a  substantial Child Tax Credit for 2022 coupled with making the credit  refundable permanently, raising a projected 4.1 million children above  the poverty line and cutting child poverty by more than 40 percent. In  October alone, the advanced CTC gave caregivers in my Congressional  District over $30 million to provide food, shelter, and other  necessities for 121,000 children.   It makes Americans healthier via substantial tax credits to cover  health insurance, coverage for millions of people excluded from the ACA  because their states failed to expand Medicaid, $1 billion for  community health centers, Medicaid coverage for women after giving  birth, tremendous funding to reduce health inequities, Medicare hearing  coverage, and reduced medication costs. African Americans' risk for  diabetes is 77 percent higher than that for non-Hispanic white  Americans. This bill limits the co-pay for insulin to $35, which will  help so many people I know.   The bill addresses racial and economic inequities for communities of  color and rural and underserved communities.   It makes the largest investment in child care in our nation's  history, saving most families more than half of their spending on child  care. Child care is a fundamental component so that our economy and  families can recover. Further, it makes historic investments to care  for seniors and individuals with disabilities so that they can receive  care in their homes and communities, recognizing the need to care for  our aging population.   It makes the largest expansion of free education since our country  established public high schools a century ago. It provides universal  and free preschool for all 3- and 4-year-olds, promoting racial equity  in education. In addition, it expands access to affordable higher  education by increasing the Pell grants by $550 for more than 5 million  students, creating grants to close the college completion gap, and  investing in Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Minority  Serving Institutions, including Predominantly Black Institutions like  Malcolm X, Olive-Harvey, and Chicago State.   It makes the largest investment in affordable housing and community  development in half a century. It addresses the housing crisis with $25  billion for rental assistance, $65 billion for public housing, $15  billion to build or improve affordable homes, and another $40 billion  for critical housing initiatives. The pandemic has hit Black renters  with children especially hard, with 29 percent--or an estimated 1.7  million renters--reporting that their household is not caught up on  rent.   It feeds the hungry with $10 billion for nutrition, including  expanding free school and summer meals. In 2020, Black and Latino  families with children were more than twice as likely to suffer food  insecurity as white households. Hunger has no place in the United  States.   This bill invests billions in small businesses, including $1.6  billion for minority owned business and $105 million for education and  financial assistance for the formerly incarcerated to form businesses  to create jobs in their communities. It invests over $3 billion in  capital access for small employers and entrepreneurs. The SBA lending  programs have been lifelines to local businesses during the pandemic  and these funds will help businesses build back better post pandemic.   This legislation ensures the largest effort combat climate change in  American history by: putting money back in people's pockets as they  shift to clean energy; promoting the manufacturing of clean energy  technology in the US, creating hundreds of thousands of good-paying  jobs; and advancing environmental justice to deliver benefits to  disadvantaged communities.   I am honored to vote for this once-in-a-generation legislation. I  came to Congress to make this type of momentous change to make life  better for tens of millions of people. I urge my colleagues to pass it.   