 Mr. President, I am going to talk for just a few minutes  about the need to open our schools. I think you would agree with me  because I followed your career--with admiration, by the way--that our  country is only as good as its dreams and we are only as valuable as  our children. And, in my judgment, we are doing immeasurable damage in  this country to our children.   We all know that we had to close down our public schools and our  parochial schools and our private schools, pre-K to 12, because of the  coronavirus, but I think most fairminded Americans understand that we  need to open them.   The future of this country is education. It is not the level of the  stock market. It is not the unemployment rate. It is not who the  President is. It is education, and we know that. So why aren't we  opening our public schools when we know it is safe to do so?   I am very proud of our efforts in Louisiana. Seventy percent of our  public school students are back learning in person--70 percent. And I  want to thank every teacher, every parent, every school board member,  every maintenance worker in our schools, and anyone who directly or  indirectly influenced this result. They are heroes in my opinion.  Seventy percent--I am so proud of that.   I especially want to thank our teachers. I have been a volunteer  public school teacher in Louisiana for--I don't know--20-plus years. I  do it three times a year, and I am a real substitute--none of this go  for an hour and talk about how a bill becomes a law. I am a real  substitute: quarter to 7 to 3, teach five classes, do your bus duty,  your lunchroom duty, and get worn out. So I have some appreciation for  what it takes to teach, particularly in this difficult environment, and  I especially want to thank our teachers.   But that 70 percent figure that I am talking about, the number of our  public school children in Louisiana who are back to in-person learning,  is only 40 percent nationwide, and that is an embarrassment. That is a  disgrace. We are doing immeasurable damage--immeasurable damage--to a  generation of children.   Now, I don't need to tell you we have been struggling with elementary  and secondary education for the last 40 or 50 years, and it is very  frustrating because Americans can do extraordinary things. We can  unravel the human genome. Americans can take a diseased human heart and  replace it with a new  [[Page S834]]  one and make it beat. Americans can send a person to the moon and bring  him back or her back. But we struggle to teach our kids how to read and  write and understand the meaning of their diplomas when we have 18  years to do it.   Now, there are a lot of reasons for that, and I am sure not blaming  anybody, and I don't want to digress. But my point is, we were  struggling before the coronavirus. That should tell us that now more  than ever, given our circumstances before the coronavirus, we need to  take meaningful steps to get these schools back open.    We know that it is safe. The CDC Director under President Trump has  said it was safe. The CDC Director under President Biden has said it is  safe.   Vaccination across America is--we started out a little rocky, a lot  like our testing program, but it is getting much better.   I read an article the other day in the Wall Street Journal, written  by a Johns Hopkins researcher, physician, who said, in his opinion,  about six or seven times more Americans have had the coronavirus than  we know of; therefore, they do have immunity. And he said, coupled with  the number of people who have had and survived coronavirus and our  vaccine program, which is getting more aggressive every day, we could  have a substantial reduction in the number of coronavirus cases by  March and April. Indeed, we have seen the decline in the number of our  cases now, today, starting from early January. They have declined  dramatically. And people smarter than me have suggested it is our  vaccines, it is the approach to herd immunity, and, of course, it is  the habits that we have developed in terms of social distancing and  masking and good hygiene.   But my point is that the experts, the science, all tell us that it is  safe. And I have to tell you, I don't mean to be unfair because I know  it is complicated, or it can be, and I don't mean disrespect, but I  have been very, very disappointed with President Biden. He has flipped  and flopped on this issue like a banked catfish. He has said we need to  follow science, but he refuses to follow the science in terms of  opening our schools.   We know it can be done because we have been doing it in Louisiana. We  have done it. If you look nationwide at the number of private schools  that are open, back with in-person education, the number of parochial  schools, the number of Catholic schools--they are doing it. Why can't  we do it in our public schools?   It is not money. For our first five coronavirus bills--I am not  counting President Biden's proposed bill. Through our first five  coronavirus bills, we have appropriated between $70 billion and $80  billion to our public schools to get them back open. Our public schools  have spent $5 billion out of 70 to 80--I think it is $70 billion. So it  is not a matter of money. I think it is just--I am not sure what it is.  I don't want to be a cynic and say that it is a matter of will. But  here is what I am asking President Biden to do; here is what I would do  if I were King for a day. I am not; I don't aspire to be. But here is  what I am hoping that President Biden will do this afternoon: Call a  press conference, and look the American people in the eyes, and look  our school board members in the eyes and our teachers and our parents  and our maintenance workers and say that we need to open up.   If we really believe we are only as good as our dreams, we are only  as valuable as our children, then we need to act like it. And I think  President Biden needs to call that press conference. He doesn't need to  talk about the science, though that is important, or the politics or  nibble around the edges. He needs to look the American people in the  eye and say: By God, open the schools. Open the schools. Our kids  deserve no less.   There is not much I agree with former Congressman and Mayor Rahm  Emanuel on, even though I think he is a bright guy, but politically we  approach the world differently. But he said when he was mayor that kids  drop out--not in the 12th grade. They drop out in pre-K and  kindergarten and the first, second, third, and the fourth grades. We  are going to lose a whole generation of kids here.   I see I have some additional time while we are waiting on Senator  Schumer. I think I am going to take my additional time--and I will cut  it short if Senator Schumer is here--to talk about another issue   