 Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the previous  question, and I fully support the immediate consideration of H.R. 18,  the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance Full  Disclosure Act of 2021.   The bill would codify protections for the unborn and would make them  permanent. These protections are commonly carried as part of the Hyde  amendment, which has been carried in the appropriations bills produced  by the Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related  Agencies Subcommittee of Appropriations, where I am the ranking member,  for the past 45 years.   There is no cause greater for any Member of Congress than defending  life, especially amongst the most vulnerable. When I was privileged to  be chair of the subcommittee, every one of the annual appropriations  bills passed out of the subcommittee carried this important protection.   Yet the majority has once again begun the misguided assault on life;  first, with President Biden's revocation of the Mexico City policy,  followed by legislative efforts to dismantle the Hyde amendment, both  of which protect life and prevent taxpayer-funded abortions.   Since the Hyde amendment was first enacted in 1976, it is estimated  that this provision has saved more than two million lives. It has been  supported by lawmakers of both parties on both sides of the aisle, and  signed into law by Presidents of both parties every single year since  then. Indeed, every Democratic Member, other than freshmen, has voted  for legislation containing the Hyde Amendment.   When he was serving in the United States Senate, President Biden, at  that time, expressed his support for the inclusion of this provision, a  stance he has since abandoned. Eliminating this provision in the annual  appropriations bills would be a terrible mistake and at odds with the  beliefs of a strong majority of the American people.   A recent Marist Poll found that 58 percent of Americans oppose the  taxpayer funding for abortion, while only 38 percent support it. Hyde  protects the conscience rights of the great majority of Americans who  are opposed to publicly funded abortions for religious, moral, or  fiscal reasons. It allows States to choose to fund elective abortions  or not with State taxpayer dollars, and the people of 34 States have  voluntarily chosen not to do so.   As we look ahead to the annual appropriations process, I would remind  my friends on the other side of the aisle that 200 Republicans,  including every single Republican member of the Appropriations  Committee, signed a letter to congressional leadership stating that  they would oppose any spending bill that did not include Hyde  protections.   I see no better way for us to continue to celebrate life and ensure  protections for the unborn than by making the Hyde amendment permanent,  which we can do if we pass H.R. 18 into law.   