 Madam President, I rise today to honor the life and  legacy of a diligent public servant and proud West Virginian who was  recently taken from us far, far too soon. His name was John Kennedy  Bailey. Gayle and I extend our deepest condolences to the members of  John's beloved family.   I have known John since he was a child. He grew up in Fairmont, my  home area, with an absolutely loving family. I have been so proud to  watch him grow into such a hard-working, compassionate person who  raised his own loving family. My heart aches for his whole family but  especially his wife Holly and their children, Jack, Brooks, and  Lisette, whose lives have been changed in a tragic instant.   It is in these sorrowful moments that we see how much a person meant  to so many. Since we lost him, John's friends have stepped forward with  stories of his compassion, his kindness, and of his public service. I  know that all of us who are grieving him find comfort that his last  measure was giving himself through organ donation, sharing the gift of  life for someone who needed it most.   When I think of John, I think of a man who all of us aspire to be--a  man who lives life to his fullest, makes the most of every day by  giving back to those around him. I think of the words of Dylan Thomas,  a Welsh poet, who described such a man as:       Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright      Their frail deeds might have danced in a green bay,      Rage, rage against the dying of the light.      Wild men who caught and sang the sun in flight,      And learn, too late, they grieved it on its way,      Do not go gentle into that good night.    John lived every day by catching the Sun in flight, and that is one  of the many reasons that so many people loved him. It is my hope that  his friends and family have found peace, strength, and support in one  another and in the support of our entire home State as we mourn our  shared loss of this wonderful, wonderful person. That is why it is  befitting that his life is forever memorialized in this Congressional  Record through this speech on the U.S. Senate floor today.  [[Page S6542]]    John represented the very best of West Virginia from a very young  age. As a Knight of the Golden Horseshoe in eighth grade, president of  his senior class at Fairmont Senior High School, and attendee of the  Mountaineer Boys State, he excelled throughout his entire scholastic  career--so much so that after graduating from Yale University, he  joined Congressman Nick Rahall's staff, helping West Virginians in  Washington, DC.   But the call of the mountains was strong for John, and he returned  home to attend WVU Law School. While at WVU Law, he clerked on Wall  Street but knew his biggest impact would be in his home State, so he  found his way to Charleston. John was dedicated to bettering the  Charleston community as the owner of his own law firm and while serving  as city councilman.   John was dedicated to his community, whether through his recent  mission to revive Charleston's recycling program or his brilliant idea  to increase the Cardinal Train's service to Charleston that he recently  worked on with my office.   John was not only a dedicated public servant but a talented attorney  and successful businessman. He will be remembered for his professional  abilities, as well as his service to his community. But most  importantly, John will be remembered for his commitment to his children  and family, spending much of his time at Jack, Brooks, and Lisette's  many activities. He was well-known among the staff and parents of  Capital-Midwestern Little League, Capital High School, Horace Mann  Middle School, and Mountaineer Montessori. He would stop by the  community center often just to see how the staff and students were  doing.    John was so very kind and always thinking of how he could make his  community better, no matter how out of the box his ideas seemed to be.  He never met a stranger, and was also such a good friend to myself, my  Charleston staff, and all West Virginians.   What is most important is that he lived a full life, surrounded by  the people he loved most. I extend my deepest condolences to John's  wife, Holly; and their children, Jack, Brooks, and Lisette; his  parents, Joyce and former State Treasurer Larrie Bailey; his siblings,  Anne and David, and their families; and his many friends and extended  family. We will forever keep John and his family in our prayers.   Godspeed, John. We miss you.   I yield the floor.    Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, 4 years ago, I was proud to join Senator  Ernst in sponsoring legislation to authorize construction on the  National Global War on Terrorism Memorial to commemorate and honor the  members of the Armed Forces' Global War on Terror.   That bill passed the House and Senate on a voice vote and was signed  into law August 2017.   A memorial honoring the men and women of the Armed Forces who served  our Nation in the Global War on Terror--our country's longest military  conflict--is the least that we can do to recognize their service and  sacrifice and especially those who gave their lives in the service of  our Nation.   In 2017, I said that it was incredibly important to honor these men  and women, and it remains incredibly important today. I want the  memorial to be built as quickly as possible. In fact, I think it should  be the National Park Service's highest priority for approving new  memorials, but it should be built following the same process that  applies to all other memorials and commemorative works.   Since 2003, the Commemorative Works Act has prohibited new memorials  in an area called the Reserve, which is essentially the National Mall.  Since that time, there have been several proposals to waive the  prohibition for new memorials or museums in that area on the Mall,  including the World War I Memorial and the Desert Storm and Desert  Shield Memorial.    Ultimately, these were located in other high-profile areas in  compliance with the Commemorative Works Act. This legislation would  override this provision in law to allow the Global War on Terrorism  Memorial to be sited on the Reserve.   As chairman of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, I believe  this precedent would reopen the fight to locate other memorials on the  National Mall and create more controversy that will ultimately delay  the construction of this memorial which is much needed.   While I am a strong supporter of the Global War on Terrorism  Memorial, this would be creating an exception to the law for one  memorial where others have been turned away and doing so without full  committee process.   Our Subcommittee on National Parks, which is chaired by Senator King  from Maine, held a hearing on Senator Ernst's bill on June 23. At that  hearing, the Department of Interior testified in opposition to S. 535  as currently drafted.   I would respectfully ask my friend Senator Ernst to withdraw her  unanimous consent request to discharge her bill from committee and  would commit to holding a markup of the bill so we can consider the  options, the impact, and a path forward for this most important  memorial.    I respectfully object to the Senator's request but  maintain my commitment to working with my friend from Iowa and the  families who, rightfully, want to memorialize their loved ones to find  a path forward for this important memorial.    In response to my friend from Iowa, you have my  commitment. We will do this markup and get it scheduled as quickly as  we possibly can, and we will work through that. We encourage you to be  at the markup, if you would like, and speak on it at that time. We will  have the park people there and go through this in a very diligent way  and hopefully get a result as soon as possible.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   