 Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague from the  Lone Star State, Dr. Babin.   Mr. Speaker, I have been on this floor already a couple times this  week talking about the 4.3 trillion or the 3.5 trillion--or maybe what  they are saying on CNN now--maybe $2 trillion. Who knows how many  trillions of dollars is in this bill. But I am here today to speak  against a provision that I find to be just as disastrous as some of the  others, including the one that will allow the IRS into the bank  accounts of every American.   It is a provision in this bill that allows for mass amnesty through  budget reconciliation. Something, by the way, that the Senate  Parliamentarian has already said is out of order but it is still in the  House provision. It is important that the American people understand  this.   How disastrous of a policy is that? It is because those are the  things that the Vice President of the United States said she was  looking for. She was looking for root causes. Well, here is the number  one root cause. When this body decides to green-light in a package that  there will be mass amnesty in a spending bill, that tells the drug  cartels, it tells the coyotes, it tells anybody who has been waiting  south of our border to emigrate into the United States illegally to  come on down, because they are the next contestant.   When you do something like that, you are giving a signal to the  entire world that we do not take our own border seriously. There has  been a fight in this Chamber to complete border wall construction for  30 years but what people need to understand is that the number one  entity that has been asking for a border wall is Border Patrol  themselves.   You see, the American people will never build walls in their house  with wide open gaps. That is just silly. But in Congress, we think that  is okay. That is why Congress has not taken their responsibility  serious enough to complete the border wall, so Border Patrol has every  tool at their disposal to secure our southern border.   Immigration is critical to any nation, let alone a nation like ours.  We need legal immigration in our country, but it must be legal. It  cannot be out of control. And what is in this budget reconciliation  bill would allow for the most reckless and the most wide open and the  most insecure border our country has ever seen. And that is actually  something that our Congress needs to not do.   We need to stand up for our border agents and the American people. We  need to secure our southern border and take that provision out of this  bill, amongst others.   