 Mr. President, tomorrow evening, across the Capitol,  President Biden will deliver his first State of the Union Address. As  we continue to make headway in our fight against COVID-19, I expect the  President to reflect on the tremendous progress we have made and  encourage Americans to get vaccinated. So far so good.   But I also believe he will try to frame the nearly $2 trillion  partisan bill that was rammed through Congress earlier this year as the  driving force behind that progress, even though less than 10 percent of  the bill was related to COVID-19.   I expect the President will call on Congress to pass his so-called  infrastructure bill, which is similar to the COVID-19 relief bill in  that it is a partisan bill having very little to do with the title of  the bill itself. Only about 5 percent, in fact, goes toward roads and  bridges, something we would all define as infrastructure.   I am hopeful that the President will finally announce a plan to  address the crisis at our southern border because, so far, the  administration has been largely silent. The crisis at the southern  border is real; it is big; and it is growing. We are breaking all the  wrong kinds of records, including the numbers of unaccompanied  children, total monthly border crossings, and the capacity levels at  our care facilities.   In March, we saw the highest number of border crossings on record,  more than 172,000 individuals. That was a dramatic increase from the  already eye-popping 100,000 in February--February, 100,000; March,  172,000; and, trust me, it is going to get nothing but worse.   Nearly 19,000 of these individuals were unaccompanied children, the  highest numbers we have ever seen in a single month. Sometimes people  will say: That child came to America all by himself or herself. I want  to disabuse my colleagues of any notion that a child--small child-- would make that trip to the United States ``by themselves.'' These  children are being turned over to criminal organizations that are paid  by the head to transport them from their country of origin into the  United States and, unfortunately, these human smugglers, known in my  part of the country as ``coyotes,'' care nothing for the welfare of  those children. It is only the money that they could produce by  transporting them to the United States that they care about.   It is true we know that a spike in migration is not an entirely new  phenomena and, sadly, neither is the dramatic increase in the number of  children, but the current surge is unlike any we have experienced in at  least the last 20 years, according to Director Mayorkas.   These eye-popping numbers are compounded by a deadly pandemic. We  have never seen that before. The pandemic, of course, has made once  routine tasks like transporting and caring for migrants incredibly  dangerous to the men and women who are performing those duties.   In an effort to downplay the seriousness of the border crisis or to  defer attention from it altogether, the administration has spent  literally no time talking about it, especially when compared to the  time and energy that it has dedicated to things like climate change.   In fact, the Biden administration has spent the first several weeks  of the surge denying that there is anything wrong at the border. Then  they came up with some creative euphemisms to describe what has  happened. They called it a challenge. They called it a situation. They  called it a mess. Well, as long as you didn't call it a crisis, they  didn't seem too bothered by it.   A month ago, the President tapped the Vice President to lead efforts  to address this crisis, which I thought was a positive sign, until I  realized Vice President Harris acted as though the President had handed  her a hand grenade and had pulled the pin because she couldn't get away  from it fast enough, saying the next day that, well, her job is purely  diplomatic in nature. She hasn't made a single trip to the border and,  apparently, does not plan to do so at all.    The President has given lip service to encouraging migrants not to  come, but those statements mean absolutely nothing when all of the  other signals being sent by this administration are: There is a green  light and a welcome mat out for migrants to come to the United States.   The situation is such that we are reaching a breaking point, and the  Vice President and President could recognize that if they took the time  to look and to learn from the very same people I have learned from, the  experts who do these terribly difficult jobs along the border.   As you can imagine, I have spent a lot of time listening to those  folks because I represent them. They are my constituents. I visited  border communities and heard from the Border Patrol officers, mayors,  county judges, and NGOs, nongovernmental organizations, that are doing  the best they can dealing with overwhelming numbers.   I had the opportunity to actually talk to some of the migrants  themselves about their journeys to our border and what brought them  here. In the Rio Grande Valley, I spoke with three young mothers  holding their crying infants less than a mile from the river they  crossed into the United States. They had just undergone preliminary  health screenings and were waiting for a bus to take them to a  processing center.   And, please, our colleagues should understand these migrants are not  trying to get away from the Border Patrol. They are literally walking  up to the Border Patrol and turning themselves in because they realize  that is the next step to their being placed into the interior of the  United States and completing their journey.   Of course, as you can imagine, each of these mothers was hopeful.  They made it to the United States and knew that as a family unit with  young children they would be cared for by our government and then  released into the interior of the United States. One of the mothers  paid $3,600, she said, to get here. Another paid $6,000. This is big  business for the smugglers and the criminal organizations that charge  thousands of dollars to bring migrants to the U.S. border.   I think it is important to note that this is not just a Mexico- Central American phenomena. A couple of months  [[Page S2214]]  ago, when I was down at the Del Rio sector of the Border Patrol, the  Border Patrol Chief showed us a slide with the names of 54 different  countries represented by the people who were detained coming across the  Del Rio sector just so far this year--54 different countries.   As I said, many of these ``customers'' are children traveling with no  parents. We know the journey is not a safe or easy one. In fact, it is  dangerous, and it is hard, and many children arrive in critical health,  having endured days, weeks, and months on the road. And the tragic fact  is, some of these children don't make it. They die en route.   I have heard horrific stories of physical and sexual abuse that  occurs at the hands of the criminals, cartels, and human smugglers, and  others traveling in a large caravan of immigrants. At the Kay Bailey  Hutchison Convention Center in Dallas, which is now serving as a  shelter for migrant boys, I talked to one young man who endured a 3- month-long trek on foot from Central America to the United States. He  told us he slept in the jungles along the way and that food was scarce.  As you can imagine, he was happy now to be in a shelter receiving three  square meals a day with a roof over his head.   These stories are not unique. Many of us have seen the heartbreaking  video of a young boy abandoned by smugglers in the Rio Grande Valley,  dropped from the top of the wall into the interior of the United  States. And we have read the story about a young girl who drowned  trying to cross the Rio Grande River. And we have seen where the  smugglers who care so little for the welfare of the people they are  smuggling into the United States--and in one instance they threw a 6- month-old child into the river, knowing the Border Patrol would be  diverted in order to save the child, which thankfully they did, while  they skedaddled into the United States.   I think it is heartbreaking that these children are enduring this  sort of trauma, and it is infuriating that cartels and criminal  organizations are getting richer in the process.   So make no mistake, there is a crisis at the border and the policies  of the Biden administration helped make it worse. Despite warnings from  folks on both sides of the aisle, the administration revoked policies  of the previous administration without any alternative plan in its  place. Making matters worse, they entirely failed to prepare for the  obvious consequences. Now the question is, What are they going to do to  address it?   I believe the American people deserve to hear from President Biden  his outline of a plan to address the border crisis and to manage this  surge of humanity in a fair and humane way. If the President is still  working on that portion of the speech, I would like to make a friendly  suggestion.   There is a grassroots plan out there that was built from bottom up by  the Senators and Congressmen most familiar with the crisis. It includes  input from the men and women who dealt with migration surges in the  past and who are working around-the-clock to manage the consequences of  uncontrolled movement of migrants across the border now. It is called  the Bipartisan Border Solutions Act.   Senator Sinema from Arizona, who also represents a border State, and  I have introduced this legislation here in the Senate. We are proud to  work with two Texans, one Republican and one Democrat, Henry Cuellar of  Laredo and Tony Gonzales, a Republican in the 23rd Congressional  District. He represents, I believe, the largest single section of the  U.S.-Mexico border of any Member in Congress. Our bill seeks to address  the most urgent problems on the border today. There is more we can and  should do, but at least this would address the most urgent problems.   First, it would establish four regional processing centers to  streamline the processing of migrants. Right now, the smugglers know  that if they flood the zone with children, the Border Patrol are going  to have to go off the frontline in order to take care of the children,  leaving it wide open for smuggling narcotics and other migrants-- narcotics which, by the way, contributed to roughly 88,000 drug  overdoses in America alone in the last 12 months.   Our bill would provide protections for migrant children who come into  the country without a parent or any relatives.   It would help reduce the immigration court backlog and remove a major  pull factor for migrants who do not have a legitimate asylum claim. But  it would, more importantly, speed up the process for the most  vulnerable migrants who do have a valid asylum claim.   I think these are commonsense reforms that should earn the support of  Members from both parties in both Chambers in Congress, as well as a  number of respected outside organizations.   We would be glad to receive the support of the administration or at  least a phone call so we can begin conversations. Ignoring this crisis  will not make it go away. We have spent the last couple of months  demonstrating that inaction will only make it worse.   As I said, we have seen surges in the past but never like this. The  busiest months are usually April, May, and June, not February and  March, which indicates, by historical trends, it is going to get worse  and worse and worse. If our facilities and our personnel are  overwhelmed today, which they are, and we haven't yet reached the  normal busy season, how much worse are things going to get? How many  more children will die in the hands of these criminals on their way to  the United States before we decide to take action?   As the Presiding Officer and I have discussed before, there is nobody  else to solve these problems except us. On something as important as  this, it seems like a logical area for Republicans and Democrats to  work together to try to take at least some modest steps to address this  crisis. I hope the President will work with us and be part of the  solution and not part of the problem.   I yield the floor.   