 Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Mr. Garamendi, for  bringing this forward. I do mean that ``thank you'' sincerely because  he gives us an opportunity to highlight that this provision that he  seeks to undo has strong bipartisan support.   Representative Garamendi, although being my good friend, is in the  minority of the minority. He gives us an opportunity to highlight that,  in fact, his amendment would remove funding that is requested by  President Joe Biden. It is of a program that was initiated by the Obama  administration. These plans have been validated by three Presidential  administrations--Democrat and Republican--six Congresses, and six  Secretaries of Defense, and a bipartisan majority in Congress has voted  repeatedly in support of this program. The same holds true for the  warhead, which will eventually go on top of the missile. Both Democrat  and Republican  [[Page H4949]]  Presidents support this system as it will replace the oldest warhead in  the U.S. arsenal. This will increase our safety and security.   We have been told by Secretary Austin that to try to extend--if it  could--the Minuteman III, it would take $38 billion more. We would have  less capability. And earlier this year, we even had a failure of a  Minuteman III ICBM test. This cannot be accomplished, and it has  bipartisan support to move forward. This is about safety and security  of our nuclear deterrent and our Nation.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Nebraska (Mr. Bacon).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Utah  (Mr. Moore).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Jackson).    Mr. Speaker, Representative Garamendi is correct. Russia  and China are in an arms race; we are not merely modernizing our  forces. It is sad that we are here trying to defend against an  amendment that will weaken our national defense just as yesterday the  majority cut a billion dollars from the defense of Israel in its Iron  Dome, which will only make it more likely that there is conflict.   Cutting our nuclear deterrent also just increases the likelihood that  there would be conflict. This is about making certain our country  remains safe. This is about our national security. Everyone should vote  ``no'' on this amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   