 Madam Speaker, I thank madam chair, Zoe Lofgren, for  her incredible work on this bill.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1, the For the People  Act, a bill that was designed to respond to the deep cynicism so many  Americans feel when they look at their democracy and wonder if their  voice still matters in it.   We heard many grievances from Americans across the country over the  last few years, but they fall into three basic categories. The first  was, they kept saying to us: We want to get to the ballot box every 2  years without having to run an obstacle course.   We should be the gold standard among our peer nations when it comes  to voting, but we haven't reached that point yet. H.R. 1 creates that  opportunity.   By the way, let me thank the Republican voters across the country  who, in the last election, used automatic voter registration where it  existed, used early voting opportunities where that was afforded, and  used a no-excuse absentee ballot to cast their ballot in the midst of a  pandemic. To Republican voters, Independent voters, and Democratic  voters this is not controversial.   We are just trying to create some baseline, uniform standards and  best practices so people can get to the ballot box. When they get up in  the morning and they have decided that is the day they are going to go  vote, it shouldn't be a trial to get to the voting booth and to the  ballot box. That is all we are trying to do. That is not controversial,  and that is not partisan out in the country. Maybe here it is, but not  out in the country.   The second thing they said to us is: When you get to Washington,  behave yourself, act right, act ethically, be transparent, and be  accountable.   So we have a whole set of reforms in here that are designed to do  that.   The third thing they have been pleading with us about is: Don't get  tangled up in the money. Remember where you came from and remember who  you work for. Lean towards the people and not towards the special  interests, the deep-pocketed donors, the insider political donor class,  the big money, the PACs, the super-PACs, and the lobbyists. Work for  us, the people.   So we are trying to address that in H.R. 1. None of these things is  controversial. The only controversy is how it has taken us this long to  address these grievances that people feel across the country. H.R. 1,  the For the People Act, is our opportunity to do that.   Why is it a whole package?   Sometimes people say: Well, we are going to take this piece and take  that piece.   It is because the people told us--they were smart enough to know--if  you fix one thing and you don't fix the other thing, our voice still  doesn't matter.    Madam Speaker, if you get fair elections in place but,  when the Representatives get to Washington they get taken hostage by  the special interests and still get influenced by the big money, then  you haven't solved our problem as the American people who want our  voice to be heard. So we have to do the whole package.   Let me close with this. John Lewis, who is not with us anymore,  fought for voting rights. He knew the vote was sacred. He told us to  keep our eyes on the prize. Today we do that.   Elijah Cummings, whom I served with in Baltimore for many, many  years, often told the story that on his mother's deathbed she beckoned  him close, and the last thing she said to him was: Don't let them take  the vote.   We are not going to let them take the vote.   