 Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 3141 and ask that  it be reported by number.    Mr. President, States and localities are not allowed to tax  land held by the Federal Government. As a result of this, Congress  created the PILT Program to reimburse States for that lost revenue.   Now, PILT payments are determined by a complex formula, a formula  that unfortunately is far lower than it would be under a tax  equivalency. Twenty-one years ago, the USDA concluded that PILT  payments needed to be increased by 3\1/2\ times. On certain Federal  lands, the number is much larger. A Utah study showed that for lands  held in Utah cities, it needed to be 262 times larger.   My amendment would help correct this inaccuracy. It would direct the  Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study on the true taxable value  of PILT land and treat it as if it were owned by anyone else other than  the Federal Government and therefore subject to taxation. It would  reform the program to more accurately compensate States for the revenue  that they lose simply by virtue of the fact that they have Federal land  in them.    I call for the yeas and nays.    Madam President, I call up my amendment No. 3815 and ask it  be reported by number.    Madam President, inflation is out of control. Very few seem  to be willing to talk about it, much less address it.   Now, look, it hasn't been this bad since the great recession. Even  then, only two of the months out of that entire crisis were as bad or  worse than inflation is right now, and it is showing up in every  consumer product Americans buy. Everything from groceries to gasoline,  to housing, to healthcare is getting more expensive. Every dollar that  we churn into the economy, that we print out when we don't have it,  makes these and all other products more expensive.   Let's be clear. The spending is facilitated by this budget  resolution, and that same spending will exacerbate inflation. It will  worsen the pain that  [[Page S6237]]  Americans are feeling as they are filling their gas tanks and stocking  their pantries and refrigerators.   When inflation is surging, we can't be piling onto the problem. We  are not elected to make life worse. We need to get inflation back under  our control.   This simple amendment would empower Congress to do that by making it  harder for Congress to increase spending whenever inflation is above 3  percent.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I can't agree  to move forward with this nominee today. I think this is really  unfortunate. We could have avoided this. This could have been avoided  altogether if the Senate Foreign Relations Committee would simply  disclose the responses to the questions for records to Members  directly. Then Senators could review the nominees more quickly.   Unfortunately, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee has refused to  do that, and so I have been forced to go to the State Department to get  this information. I received those responses on Monday evening.   Just a few hours ago, I sent some additional questions to the  nominee. They would have been easy to respond to. I still await those  responses, and I expect that I will receive them soon. But until then,  I can't do my job right. My advice and consent role can't adequately be  performed without having the information.   I am not going to relinquish that duty to represent the people of  Utah on all matters and not just on those matters as to which I enjoy a  seat on a committee.   There is one type of Constitutional amendment that is preemptively  unconstitutional. All Senators are equal; you can't treat them  unequally. I deserve to have access to these answers, and they are not  giving them to me. That is why we are here. That is why I can't agree  to this tonight, and I am not going to do that. I am not going to be  bullied into it. They need to share this information. I therefore  object.   