 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, `tis the season of misplaced priorities. In the midst of  rising inflation, labor shortages, open borders, and foreign policy  blunders, my colleagues seem to think that Islamophobia is what  Americans care about.   I would rather talk about something that Americans actually care  about: gassing up their cars and keeping the heat on. In November,  President Biden said: `` . . . the reason Americans are facing high gas  prices is because oil-producing countries and large companies have not  ramped up the supply of oil quickly enough to meet the demand, and the  smaller supply means higher prices. . . .''   Well, that is true. But he is not making the point that he thinks he  is. Yes, there is a lack of production, but the question is why. Why  has the world's number one oil and gas producer, the United States, not  been able to ramp up production? The answer is actually simple: because  Joe Biden has made it a priority to kill the American energy industry.   President Biden cancelled the Keystone pipeline, outlawed new oil and  gas leases on Federal lands and waters, and has threatened even more  burdensome regulations that put a freezing effect on any kind of new  production that even Biden himself recognizes is needed.   Of course, most recently, with the help of even my colleagues from  Texas on the Democrat side, they managed to pass an unprecedented tax  on natural gas through the House as part of their socialist spending  package.   It gets more interesting. In a letter to Speaker Pelosi, seven Texas  Democrats put the natural gas tax in stark terms saying: This tax will  ``cost thousands of jobs, stifle economic recovery, increase energy  costs for all Americans, strengthen our adversaries, and ultimately  impede the transition to a lower carbon future.''   These are very strong and very true words from my Democratic  colleagues, but guess what? They voted for it anyways. And now  Democrats are scrambling because they know Americans are starting to  feel the pain of their policies. It has gotten so bad that Democrats  are celebrating a two-cent decline in gas prices. Oh, I thank Joe Biden  for the two-cent decline.   It would be funny if it weren't so serious that the Energy Secretary  doesn't even know that their plan to release from the strategic  petroleum reserve was only about 2 days' worth of oil. There is nothing  funny about this. And the administration responds by telling people to  put on a sweater and buy an electric vehicle.   