 Madam President, I understand Senator Carper has already  called up the amendment 2133.    Madam President, thank you for the opportunity to speak  on this important bipartisan amendment. I want to thank Senators  Lankford, Moran, Rounds, Schatz, Feinstein, and Smith for joining me in  this effort.   Tribal communities face grave and unjust disparities in access to all  kinds of infrastructure, but the disparities and access to healthcare  and health infrastructure are increasingly stark. This amendment is  very simple. It is common sense, in my opinion. It is a technical fix  that would allow urban Indian organizations to use the Indian Health  Service funds that they already receive for infrastructure and  facilities improvements.   So I want to be clear. This amendment would not give urban Indian  organizations more funding or take away funding from anybody else. It  would simply give them additional flexibility to use the funding they  already receive for necessary infrastructure improvements.   Urban Indian organizations provide culturally competent care for over  70 percent of American Indians and Alaska Natives who live in urban  centers. Many of those served live in low-income, medically underserved  areas. According to recent congressional testimony from the Indian  Health Service, ``expanding the current authority to be consistent with  the authority for other government contractors. . . . would allow  [urban Indian organizations] to make renovations, construction, or  expansion of facilities necessary to improve the safety and quality of  care provided to urban Indian patients.''   In fact, the Deputy Director of the Indian Health Service went on to  state: Providing [urban Indian organizations] with broader authority .  . . to improve their health care facilities will assist in providing  the high quality, safe, and culturally relevant health care for the  Urban Indian population.''   This amendment, I believe, is particularly relevant in the midst of  the COVID-19 pandemic, when items like ventilation, along with social  distancing and other infrastructure upgrades, are desperately needed.  This is an easy, no-cost, bipartisan way to help ensure that this  package bolsters infrastructure in Indian Country, because no  infrastructure package would be complete without robust, strategic  improvements to Tribal infrastructure. It has the support of the  chairman and ranking member of the Indian Affairs Committee, which just  held a hearing on this issue last month, and I urge my colleagues to  support it.   I yield the floor.   