 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, during my time in the Senate, I have  always tried to honor the work of whistleblowers. Those who speak up  about government wrongdoing ought to be rewarded and not sidelined and  punished. But that is exactly what happened in the Indian Health  Service according to a recently released internal report. Now, this  goes back a few years, but it still is a constant reminder of how  whistleblowers aren't listened to and bad things happen.   According to this internal report, in August 2006, a Dr. Mark  Butterbrodt wrote to his superiors about a fellow doctor. Over the  course of years, he repeatedly made extremely serious whistleblower  complaints alleging that his colleague, a Dr. Stanley Weber, was  sexually assaulting his young patients. He was not alone, because other  staff tried to report Weber to those at the very top. His behavior was  described as an ``open secret.'' It is even alleged that the standard  orientation for new nurses included a warning to never leave Dr. Weber  alone with young boys.   The response from the Indian Health Service senior staff was silence,  so the crimes continued. Over a decade after the first whistleblower  report, Dr. Weber continued to sexually assault young boys who came to  the Indian Health Service for help.   Instead of removing the man who had been repeatedly, credibly accused  of sexually abusing his patients, they punished the whistleblower.   Too often in government, we see the people who report wrongdoing  being punished.   Numerous senior officials broke the law by failing to report  allegations to law enforcement, so the crime could continue. Instead,  what did they do? They promoted Dr. Weber to manage those who witnessed  his crimes.    By contrast, the report states that Dr. Butterbrodt was  ``banished''--and the word ``banished'' is in quotation marks--to the  ``very remote and rural facility'' in Belcourt, ND. So the doctor who  was the patriotic American, reporting crimes, eventually resigned, and  that was shortly after he was banished to a very remote and rural  facility.   This shameful response by the Indian Health Service leadership had a  direct impact on future whistleblowers. If you have an environment that  discourages whistleblowing, what are you going to get? Less  whistleblowing.   This internal report states that ``nurses told Dr. Butterbrodt that  now he could see why they never speak up.''   It is unconscionable that these whistleblowers were ignored and a  pedophile was allowed to act with impunity. That is why I recently sent  a letter to the Acting Director of Indian Health Service to ensure that  future patients and whistleblowers do not face the same treatment. I  want to make sure that processes have been put in place so that this  doesn't happen again.   Dr. Butterbrodt and those like him were right to blow the whistle. We  need to make it easier, not harder, to do the right thing.   There is a pattern about whistleblowers. They tend to be treated like  skunks at a picnic. They usually end up doing what is patriotic, only  to hurt themselves professionally, maybe even becoming unemployed just  because they do what most civil servants want to do--just have the  government do what the law requires or how the money is spent according  to law.   So I take the advantage--every time a Cabinet person or sub-Cabinet  person comes to my office for their usual interviews before  confirmation, I advise them, whether they run an Agency that maybe has  3,000 or 4,000 people to an Agency that has--I suppose like the  Veterans Administration, which I think has 400,000 people--you are head  of that Department. You don't know what is going on by everybody  underneath you. You should listen to whistleblowers.   They all assure me that they will, but somehow the culture in our  government doesn't seem to change.   