 Reserving the right to object, to my colleague from New  York, I want to compliment you for the effort you brought to the table  on trying to reform the military justice system, tackling areas of  sexual assault. I think we are making some real progress here.   The one thing I don't like is basically taking the commander out of  the loop when it comes to military justice in a fashion that basically  says we can't trust our commanders to discipline their forces. A lot of  the crimes that are being proposed here to be taken out of the military  justice system have nothing to do with sexual assault.   The theory is that our commanders are discriminatory, that there is  racial bias in the system, and that we have a biased military justice  system based on the color of your skin. Quite frankly, I don't believe  that, and I am never going to say that. That would be taking us down  that road.   What Senators Inhofe and Reed have done, I think, makes a lot of  sense. We have added to the list of crimes that would get special  scrutiny--I think it is murder, kidnapping, and one other beyond the  sexual assault crimes.   When there is an allegation of sexual assault, there will be a new  process that goes into whether or not the case goes to trial. One of  the issues is, who should pick the jury? Well, the prosecutor can't  pick the jury, the special prosecutor. You can't have the prosecutor  picking the jury. The convening authority, the commander in charge of  the units in question, will still be picking the jury, but the lawyers  can strike members of the jury for cause and preemptory challenges. At  the end of the day, I think we made a lot of progress.   Senator Gillibrand's bill goes well beyond the stated purpose of what  got us talking about this. I think it would destroy the military  justice system as we know it and destroy the role of the commander.  And, again, our commanders are the ones who decide who takes the most  risks. Our commanders, again, have a lot of responsibility. They need  to have the tools to make sure that unit is fit to fight. They will be  under scrutiny, as they should be. But we want a military justice  system that makes the military the most effective fighting force in the  world, and you can't have a strong military without a strong command  structure.    I object.    Madam President, I have a different approach that will  get the same result.   But to my colleagues here, we are playing the Medicare card in a very  dangerous fashion. Senator Hawley said it pretty well. Medicare is  something people depend upon, and all of us understand the need to keep  Medicare solvent. We need to reform it to save it.   But this idea puts all of us in a box, and I don't appreciate it and  I won't forget it.   Now, this is a problem on our side. You don't even have to listen,  Senator Wyden. For 4 months, we have been saying, as a party, our  Democratic colleagues are spending all this money by themselves through  reconciliation; they should choose that path to raise the debt ceiling.   Because what are we talking about? A $1.9 trillion spending bill  without one Republican vote through reconciliation.   We have pending next week another reconciliation proposal that scores  at 1.7 trillion, if you assume every program goes away in a year. I  will be in the NBA before that assumption. I don't like my chances.   Ronald Reagan said the closest thing to immortality on Earth is a  government program.   So they have written the bill for the 17 big spending items to expire  within 1, 2 or 3 years, and not one of them want them to expire.   So the whole bill is a fraud. And the Congressional Budget Office is  going to give to me Friday what the bill would cost if the sunset  clauses actually went away--did go away; what would it cost if the  programs survive, which it will.   And I anticipate, Senator Kennedy, it will be at least twice what we  are talking about.   The effect on the debt is 367 billion only because they limited the  programs to last for a year or two rather than the 10 years they are  actually going to last.   So the deficit is going to go from 367 billion to probably close to 2  trillion. We are going to expose that Friday. They are playing a game.  They are creating gimmicks.   And Senator Manchin, to his credit, said: ``I believe Build Back  Better is full of gimmicks.''   We will know Friday exactly what the bill would look like without  gimmicks.   This is the ultimate gimmick. If you had asked me 4 months ago, ``How  does this movie end?'' I will be reading in the paper about a rules  change to the Senate made by the House, where I have got to pick  between Medicare and abandoning what I said I would do for 4 months.   This is a deal that led to Donald Trump. If you wonder why there is a  Donald Trump, it is moments like this, where everybody starts down a  road that makes perfect sense, you panic, and you throw everybody over.   They would raise the debt ceiling through reconciliation because they  should, and we want to do it that way to deter spending in the future.  We want to make it harder to use reconciliation to spend more money  than World War II cost.    If you look at the cost of World War II in present dollars, it was  4.7 trillion. When you look at all the money we spent and going to  spend, it is going to be 5.4 trillion. Literally, we have spent more  money in the last year and a half than we did to win World War II.   I think they should raise the debt ceiling, Senator Kennedy, through  the  [[Page S9028]]  process they used to spend the money. That made perfect sense to me as  a Republican. That is why I said it for 4 months.   Now, all of us on our side have a moment of reckoning here. I don't  want to default, and we won't. But I do want to make sure that when  Republicans tell their other Republicans and the public at large, you  can somewhat count on who we are and what we say. We put that at risk  for no good reason.   To the leadership of both sides, I like you. Senator McConnell has  been a great Republican leader--minority leader, majority leader. But  this is a moment where I want to be on the Record to say, I don't like  this.   What we have done is allow the House of Representatives to change a  Senate rule. No matter what the subject matter, that is not a good  idea. We have set in place a process that allows our Democratic  colleagues to raise the debt ceiling without using reconciliation, the  budget process, where they would have to amend the budget resolution.  The very resolution they used to spend all this money, we are simply  asking amend it to pay for it.   We have taken that off the table, and people on our side are not  going to accept this very well. So all I can say is--I want to make it  clear--when it comes to Medicare, count me in to avoid the cuts. When  it comes to raising the debt ceiling, I want it done through a process  that will make it harder to spend all this money in the future. And I  want to be part of a Republican Party that you can take what we say to  the bank on big stuff--stuff that matters.   So I have a proposal that when the bill comes over from the House,  which it is here, that would allow us to vote to prevent Medicare from  being cut, would strip out the way you are going to raise the debt  ceiling, reject the idea that the House can amend a Senate rule to  limit minority rights--and that is what we have done here.   This is not a good idea, to take Medicare and marry it up with  anything important, as Senator Hawley said, because there is no end to  that game. And it is not a good idea, in my view, even with some  Members of my own party agreeing, to let the House change the Senate  rules. I don't like that. We have set in motion some really dangerous  stuff here, so I have the following proposal:   As if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate resumes consideration of House message to accompany S. 610, it  be in order for me to offer amendment No. 4877, which strikes section 8  relating to the debt limit. I further ask that the Senate vote on  adoption of the amendment prior to the vote on the motion to invoke  cloture on the motion to concur in the amendment to S. 610.   In English, I am asking for a vote so that we can show the country  that we will protect Medicare, but many of us are not going to have our  fingerprints on a Washington deal that I think stinks up the place.    So why does this matter? It matters a lot about how the  Senate works. Every Member of this body has the ability to come down to  the floor and object to a piece of legislation. That makes the Senate  different than the House.   What we have done here is allowed the House to change the Senate  rules in a fashion where, if you can get 10 Republicans, all of us are  dealt out. So that is not a good idea 1 time, 10 times, or 100 times by  either party because what it does, it changes the rules of the Senate  in a fashion that I feel very uncomfortable with simply because the  House has been able to change the rules of the Senate so that all of us  have been basically marginalized.   There will be some Republicans who are my friends, and do what you  need to do. I understand. I don't want to default on the debt either.  But this is a bad idea. It is not what we promised we would do. It sets  in motion playing the Medicare card in a dangerous fashion, and it sure  as hell sets in motion playing with the rules of the Senate in a  fashion that I never even thought of until 24 hours ago.   So I want to make this hard, not easy, because I think what we are  doing is going to really change the structure of the Senate and  certainly going to do a lot of damage to the Republican Party.   I yield the floor.   