 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from  California for her unyielding commitment to freedom and democracy  across the globe. She has been a tremendous addition to this House of  Representatives.   I rise today in support of H.R. 4686, the Cambodia Democracy Act.  This is bipartisan legislation that I introduced, along with my  Democratic colleague, Alan Lowenthal. He and I are co-chairs of the  Cambodia Caucus, and we were pleased to champion this legislation. I  want to note that our colleague, Ted Yoho, from Florida originally  introduced this a few years back, but of course he has since retired  from this great institution.   This legislation is a response to Prime Minister Hun Sen's ongoing  [[Page H5492]]  crackdown on his political opponents, which began in the runup to the  Cambodian elections back in 2018. He arrested Kem Sokha, the leader of  the Cambodia National Rescue Party, on bogus charges, and then  proceeded to ban the whole party, and then persecute other leaders of  that party. Hun Sen also shut down NGOs and independent media,  including the National Democratic Institute and Radio Free Asia.   Unfortunately, four years later this crackdown hasn't let up. Hun Sen  has kept the bogus charges hanging over Kem Sokha's head and prohibited  him from participating in any political activity. He has also continued  to target opposition politicians as well as civil society activists and  journalists. In fact, starting last November, mass trials were held  against opposition party members.   As a result, next year's commune elections will not have viable  opposition party representation, which means that once again Cambodia's  elections will be neither free nor fair.   Sadly, this latest crackdown is nothing new. Hun Sen has ruled  Cambodia since 1985, 36 years, making him the longest-serving head of  state in Southeast Asia.   To date, Hun Sen hasn't really faced any stiff consequences for this  behavior from the United States, and that is embarrassing. That is why  the Cambodia Democracy Act imposes sanctions on those who participated  in Hun Sen's illegal, arbitrary attempt to smother democracy.   By targeting those directly responsible and holding them accountable,  it is our hope that we can get Hun Sen and his cronies to realize that  the only path forward for that country is to allow free and fair  elections. We must not forget that the principal victims of Hun Sen's  repression are the Cambodian people themselves.   Next month we celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Paris Peace  Accords, which clearly promises them democracy. So I would urge all my  colleagues to help make good on the pledge made in the Paris Accords a  long time ago by joining me to support this legislation and help put  Cambodia back on the path to democracy.   I once again want to thank the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Kim)  for her leadership in this effort.   