 Mr. President, I wanted to come to the floor today to  just say a brief word and maybe set the record straight a little bit  about President Biden's nominee for Associate Attorney General of the  United States, Vanita Gupta.   Let's start with some facts about Ms. Gupta. She is the daughter of  immigrants who worked hard to receive some of the best legal education  this country has to offer. She spent 2 decades as a civil rights  lawyer, where she has fought to defend Americans' individual rights and  freedoms, often against abuses by the government, something you would  think some of my colleagues on the other side would appreciate.   When a small town in Texas wrongfully convicted 40 Americans of drug  charges, based solely on the false testimony from an undercover police  officer, she fought to have them exonerated, and she won them a $6  million settlement for that miscarriage of justice.   She defended 25 children who had been separated from their parents  and thrown into prison-like conditions at a private detention center in  Texas. Her success in that case forced the center to improve its  conditions and prevented more kids from being held there.   President Obama recognized her leadership by making her the top civil  rights official at the Department of Justice, where she protected  servicemembers from eviction, cracked down on human smugglers and sex  traffickers, defended religious freedom, and protected Americans'  fundamental right to vote.   Over the past 4 years, Ms. Gupta has led the largest civil rights  organization in America, where she has been at the forefront of efforts  to reform our criminal justice system, strengthen our democracy, and  make sure COVID relief reaches those who need it most.   That is her record. It is an outstanding record. I think my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle know that it is an  outstanding record because they don't want to contend with her record.  They don't want to contest her record. They can't defeat her nomination  with the truth. So they are just using talking points that aren't true.   I heard the junior Senator from Texas say Ms. Gupta's record ``is  that of an extreme partisan ideologue.'' He called her ``an extreme  political activist,'' a ``radical,'' and a ``zealot,'' when all she has  done her entire career is uphold the rule of law and defend our  democracy, just like the 60 judges, many of them confirmed by  Republican colleagues, who rejected President Trump's utterly  unsubstantiated claims of fraud in the 2020 election; just like the  election officials who stood up to conspiracy theories about the  election at great risk to themselves and to their careers, who were all  undermined by radical Members of Congress who sought to overturn the  will of the voters for their own power.   I also heard the junior Senator from Texas say Ms. Gupta's beliefs  ``don't align with the majority of the American people.'' I am willing  to bet every single dollar in my pocket that most Americans are quite  aligned with Ms. Gupta's views.   Most Americans are very interested in having a Department of Justice  that protects their right to vote, that keeps families together and  kids out of prison-like conditions, to make sure that LGBT sons and  daughters and neighbors can live free from discrimination.   I will tell you one other thing. Unlike some people around this  place, Ms. Gupta actually has a record of reaching across the aisle to  get things done. She worked with Grover Norquist and the top lawyer for  the Koch brothers to pass criminal justice reform. It is why they both  endorsed her, along with President Bush's former Secretary of Homeland  Security, and virtually every major law enforcement organization in  America, including the Fraternal Order of Police, the National  Sheriffs' Association, the Major County Sheriffs of America, and the  Major Cities Chiefs Association.   So it is hard to take seriously all this talk on the other side about  how Ms. Gupta wants to ``defund the police.'' She has never supported  that. When someone asked the head of the Fraternal Order of Police what  he thought about these attacks, he called it ``partisan demagoguery.''  And that is exactly what it is, and he is right.   There isn't a serious debate about her record. It is a political  campaign to defeat her nomination. The American people see through it,  and I hope my colleagues will see through it as well.   We would be lucky to have someone with Ms. Gupta's experience and  leadership at the Department of Justice.   Many years ago, I had the privilege to work at the Department, and I  know how seriously the men and women there take their jobs, and I know  how grateful they would be to serve alongside someone as talented and  committed to the mission as Ms. Gupta. It is why I believe tomorrow we  should come to this floor and give her a resounding bipartisan vote to  confirm her as the next Associate Attorney General of the United  States.   I urge all of my colleagues to put aside the rhetoric and the false  claims. Look at the record for what it is. The police organizations  have supported her. And vote yes for her nomination.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   