 Madam Speaker, I rise on behalf of Ms. Bass, the author  of this legislation, the Young African Leaders Initiative Act of 2021.   The chairman has described the bill. This is an important piece of  legislation, as we help try to nourish and develop the next generation  of African leadership.   This is an important initiative for the United States to build on  those ties, to build those bridges. I commend Congresswoman Bass for  her leadership on the YALI program and for this legislation. I urge its  passage. I will include the full statement of Ms. Bass in the Record.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 965, the Young  African Leaders Initiative Act of 2021, introduced by my good friend  and Chairwoman of the Africa, Global Health, and Human Rights  Subcommittee, Congresswoman Karen Bass. Her leadership both on the  House Foreign Affairs Committee and on this bill is unparalleled, and I  am honored to speak on her behalf today.   I also wish to thank Chairman Meeks and ranking Member McCaul for  bringing this important legislation to the House floor.   The YALI Act of 2021, is a bipartisan bill that seeks to build the  capacity of young African leaders in Africa in the areas of civic  engagement, entrepreneurship, and business development by:   Offering professional development and a global network to share  expertise, including in the areas of civic leadership, elections, human  rights, good governance, and public management;   Providing increased economic and technical assistance to young  leaders and entrepreneurs; and strengthening business and economic ties  between the United States and the continent;   Awarding Mandela Washington Fellowships to young leaders who have had  a positive impact in their communities and demonstrated strong  capabilities in entrepreneurship, innovation, public service, and  leadership;   Establishing regional leadership centers in sub-Saharan Africa  allowing young leaders to strengthen their skills and aptitude in  entrepreneurship, innovation, public service, and leadership.   The YALI program has two vital components that will be carried out by  participants in the program. The U.S.-based component led by the  Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator for USAID  will include the following:   The Mandela Washington Fellows will participate in a six-week  Leadership Institute at a U.S.-based university or college focusing on  business, civic engagement, or public management. The sessions will  include professional networking opportunities, community service,  cultural activities, academic learning, and leadership training.   The Mandela Washington Fellows will also participate in the annual  Mandela Washington Fellowship Summit held in Washington, D.C., which  will provide an opportunity to meet with U.S. leaders from the private,  public, and NGO sectors.   The YALI program was built on the premise of young leaders  strengthening their knowledge and skills at U.S. institutions,  connecting with other Africans from different regions and countries in  Africa, and ensuring young leaders can harness their skills and take  them back to their home countries while strengthening their own  business, public, and civic spaces.   The YALI Act of 2021 would also continue to allow the United States  to support and help strengthen the Africa-based component of the  program including:   Quality leadership training, professional development, networking,  and online courses for Mandela Washington Fellowship alumni when they  return to their home countries;   Opportunities for networking with alumni of the Mandela Washington  Fellowship; alumni of participants at the YALI Regional Leadership  Centers; and American and African professionals and experts; and   Opportunities through the United States Africa Development Foundation  to facilitate professional development and sharing of expertise in the  home countries of Mandela Washington Fellowship alumni and throughout  the African continent.   Through the implementation of the YALI Act of 2021, the United States  will:   Promote U.S. policy goals in Africa by providing tools and resources  to help young African leaders develop important skills and connections  through online campaigns and public diplomacy initiatives; and  establish a system for monitoring, evaluating, and continued  improvement of the YALI program.   The bipartisan support of H.R. 965 shows that this bill is critical  to U.S. national security. It also highlights that our relationship  with Africa is a priority, and we want to continue to rebuild and  strengthen our partnership in trade and investment, peace and security,  and human rights and good governance, because it is in the best  interest of the United States and Africa.    I thank, again, my good friend Mr. Meeks, the  distinguished chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee; Mr. McCaul,  the ranking member; and my good friend from Missouri (Mrs. Wagner) for  their support on this bipartisan effort.   We cannot sit idly by in this body and watch an American resident, my  constituent, brutally murdered and dismembered in the consulate of  Saudi Arabia in Istanbul, Turkey. We cannot allow that to go  unaddressed. The human rights abuse that represents is all too  characteristic of the methods used by certain forces in the Kingdom of  Saudi Arabia against dissidents.   America remains the beacon of hope for those who seek freedom, basic  simple freedoms to express themselves politically, religiously, and to  be able to assemble peacefully. This bill ends the impunity against  those voices of dissent. This bill provides that beacon of hope for so  many who look to this body for protection and safe harbor.   I urge passage of H.R. 1392, Protection of Saudi Dissidents Act,  which passed our committee unanimously, with the enlightened leadership  of our distinguished chairman,   Gregory Meeks, who has always  committed himself to human rights.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 1392, the  Protection of Saudi Dissidents Act of 2021.   Let me start by thanking my friend and the Chairman of the Foreign  Affairs Committee, Mr. Gregory Meeks, for his leadership in bringing  this important bill to the floor.   In February of this year, more than two years after the cold blooded  murder of Washington Post journalist, and my constituent, Jamal  Khashoggi, the Director of National Intelligence released a previously  classified U.S. intelligence report.   The report clearly stated: ``We assess that Saudi Arabia's Crown  Prince Muhammad bin Salman approved an operation in Istanbul, Turkey to  capture or kill Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi.''  [[Page H1942]]    It continued: ``We base this assessment on the Crown Prince's control  of decision making in the Kingdom, the direct involvement of a key  adviser and members of Muhammad bin Salman's protective detail in the  operation, and the Crown Prince's support for using violent measures to  silence dissidents abroad, including Khashoggi.''   Finally, it concluded that ``since 2017, the Crown Prince has had  absolute control of the Kingdom's security and intelligence  organizations, making it highly unlikely that Saudi officials would  have carried out an operation of this nature without the Crown Prince's  authorization.''   We've always known, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that Crown Prince  Muhammad bin Salman directed the assassination of Jamal Khashoggi.   We also know that this operation is part of a broad and ongoing  effort to use violence to intimidate and silence dissidents abroad.   And yet, the previous administration shielded Crown Prince MBS and  Saudi Arabia from accountability, signaling this kind of abhorrent  behavior was somehow ok, inviting further atrocities.   That impunity ends with this bill.   The Protection of Saudi Dissidents Act will stop the Kingdom and the  Crown Prince from acting with impunity to commit gross human rights  abuses like these.   My bill is targeted and does four specific things:   One: It limits arms exports to Saudi intelligence, internal security,  or law enforcement entities if the President finds that Saudi Arabia  has engaged in the following activities:   Forced repatriation, intimidation, or killing of dissidents in other  countries;   The unjust imprisonment in Saudi Arabia of United States citizens or  residents or the placing of travel restrictions on them or their family  members; and   The torture of detainees in the custody of the Government of Saudi  Arabia   Two: It requires the closure of one or more Saudi diplomatic  facilities if the President finds that Saudi Arabia is using diplomatic  or consular personnel to harass or harm Saudi nationals in the United  States.   Three: It requires a report on whether Saudi Arabia has been engaged  in a consistent pattern of acts of intimidation or harassment directed  against individuals in the United States.   Four: Finally, it requires a report on whether the U.S. intelligence  community fulfilled its duty to warn Jamal Khashoggi of threats to his  life.   These provisions are long overdue.   This bill comes after years of fighting for the victims of Saudi  Arabia's war on dissent.   I have spoken out on behalf of Dr. Saad Aljabri and activist and  former political prisoner Loujain Al-Hathloul. I am currently fighting  for my constituents, Salah Al-Haider and Aziza Al-Yousef, as they  battle political persecution in Saudi Arabia.   Saudi Arabia will not change their ways unless we act.   I ask my colleagues to join me in sending a message to human rights  defenders, dissidents, and journalists worldwide and reaffirm the  unshakeable American commitment to basic rights and freedoms.   I ask my colleagues to end the ``two-year pageant of impunity'' by  finally holding Saudi Arabia accountable for Jamal Khashoggi's brutal  murder.   I ask my colleagues to support the Protection of Saudi Dissidents Act  of 2021.   