 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today I come to the floor to discuss an  issue that I have raised during the course of multiple Republican and  Democrat administrations. This is a problem that crosses political  boundaries, whether you have a Republican or Democrat President. That  issue is responding to legitimate and valid congressional oversight  requests.   In my time as a public servant, I have seen my fair share of  unresponsive government, sometimes downright obstructive government. I  have seen it rear its ugly head from decade to decade. There is nothing  more eroding to public faith than an unresponsive executive branch that  believes that it only answers to the President and not to the U.S  Congress and perhaps, most importantly, we the people.   Based on my interactions with the Biden administration's Justice  Department and its component Agencies--specifically, the FBI--the  current officials in charge of those Agencies are, at best,  unresponsive public servants. That goes all the way to the top, to the  President, because the buck stops there.   As I say to many nominees, either you are going to run your  Department or the Department runs you. Right now, it looks like the  Justice Department is running the Attorney General's office, and that  is a great big shame.   I voted to confirm the Attorney General. I had high hopes he would  follow through on his public statements of ridding the Department of  political infection. Instead, I fear he has taken the Justice  Department to new politically charged heights.   To date, I haven't received a full or complete response to a single  oversight request from the Justice Department. As one example, on  February 3 of this year and March 9 of this year, Senator Johnson and I  asked the Department about Nicholas McQuaid. Mr. McQuaid is the Acting  Assistant Attorney General for the Criminal Division, of which Mr.  Polite will be taking his place upon confirmation.   McQuaid was employed by a law firm until January 20 of this year and  worked with Christopher Clark, whom Hunter Biden reportedly hired to  work on his Federal criminal case.  [[Page S4960]]    This arrangement poses a clear potential conflict.   A core function of congressional oversight is to ensure that  governmental Departments and Agencies are free of conflicts of  interest. That is especially so with the Justice Department and the  FBI. If conflict infects them, those investigations and prosecutions,  the very purpose of the Department's existence, could be undermined.   So I have requested a recusal memo for McQuaid. I have also requested  to know, as a threshold issue, whether one even exists. Attorney  General Garland won't answer.   Now, can you believe that? Here we have a Federal criminal case that  implicates the President's son, and the Attorney General won't even  answer Congress as to whether or not an employee of his Department who  has an apparent conflict is recused from that matter?   It certainly looks like the Garland Justice Department is doing all  that it can to protect the President's son.   Let me remind the Attorney General that I was the one who led a  transcribed interview with President Trump's son. For all of the grief  that Trump and his family got from the Democrats, at least that family  showed up and answered the questions of legitimate congressional  oversight.   Early on in the Attorney General's tenure, I instructed my oversight  staff to work diligently and, of course, in good faith with their  counterparts at the Justice Department. My staff have done the phone  calls. They have had the meetings. They have sent emails, many of which  go unanswered. My staff has done this all in good faith.   At my level, I have made every effort to get the Attorney General on  the phone to discuss my oversight requests. It took him 2 months to get  on the phone with me for a one-on-one call. I found out just the other  week that Attorney General Garland's staff never told him of my request  to speak with him. This omission is a dereliction of duty by the  Department staff, to keep something like that from the Attorney  General. Like I said, either you run the Department, or the Department  runs you.    This type of unresponsive conduct has consequences. These  consequences might not be immediate, but eventually, as I have seen  over the years, ultimately the consequences arrive. The more their  government tries to hide from them, the more the American people lose  faith in government institutions. With such bad government conduct, I  don't blame the people for losing faith. The fault is with the  government, not the American people. After all, we work for the  American people; they don't work for us. It is sad to say, but many in  Washington, DC, don't understand that very fundamental precept of our  constitutional Republic.   My fellow Senators, this type of conduct from the Biden  administration and the Justice Department is unacceptable. But it isn't  just this administration or this Justice Department; it is something I  have seen too long under both Republican and Democratic Presidents, and  it will have long-term consequences for the integrity of our  governmental institutions.   In light of the Department's consistent failure to respond to my  oversight requests, I will object to any unanimous consent request that  Kenneth Polite be confirmed as Assistant Attorney General for the  Criminal Division. I do not do so on the basis of his credentials,  which I don't question; I do it as a message to the Attorney General  that he needs to improve DOJ's interaction with the Congress.    Mr. President, before we proceed to a vote on final  passage of the VOCA Fix Act, on which I teamed up with Senators Durbin,  Graham, and other members of the Judiciary Committee, we first will  turn to the Toomey amendment.   This amendment is loosely based on a bill introduced by Senator  Toomey in 2015. That 2015 measure, entitled the ``Fairness for Victims  of Crime Act,'' would have created a budgetary point of order against  legislation that required the Crime Victims Fund to disburse less than  the average amount collected by the Fund over the previous 3 fiscal  years.   The Senate held a field hearing on this legislation, which was  introduced by Senator Toomey, the same year. The Budget Committee, of  which I am a member, then approved the legislation by unanimous voice  vote. I still support the premise behind this bill, which is to promote  fairness for crime victims and restore the original intent of the  Victims of Crime Act.   Some years ago, appropriators placed an arbitrary cap on the amount  of money that could flow out of the Crime Victims Fund each year. The  imposition of this cap meant not only that billions of dollars  accumulated, unspent, in the fund in later years, but also that this  sum could be used as an offset to support other projects backed by  congressional appropriators. Meanwhile, the availability of so much  unspent money in the Crime Victims Fund made it an extremely tempting  target for budget dealmakers. On one occasion in 2015, during the Obama  administration, budget negotiators simply rescinded at least a billion  dollars of the fund for a budget deal.   As noted by Senator Toomey today, the President's budget proposal for  the coming fiscal year indicates that he proposes to rely on $26  billion in the Crime Victims Fund and cancellations in the Children's  Health Program to offset an equivalent amount in new discretionary  spending. Table S-8 to the President's budget shows that this is the  intention.   Every last penny brought into the Victims of Crime Act Fund is  supposed to help victims rather than serve as a funding gimmick for  other projects supported by appropriators and the White House. It is  for this reason that I support the Toomey amendment.   