 Mr. President, I want to be able to comment on my  colleague, Senator Portman, and some of the comments he has made about  unemployment.   My State is not one of those States yet that has made the decision to  be able to end the additional unemployment benefits that are coming  from the Federal Government, and it is harming workers and it is  harming jobs and it is harming businesses in my State. And I hope in  the days ahead, my State will be one of those States to be able to step  up and will say--and I believe my Governor will--to be able to step up  and say: Let's actually make sure we are benefiting families long-term.  [[Page S2507]]    There is a whole group of folks who believe that if you only give  people enough money, that is going to help them rise out of poverty.  People need a job. People need a purpose. People need a plan to be able  to do that. Folks don't need long-term Government benefits to be able  to help sustain that. They need a way to be able to help earn a living  to be able to pass it on to their family to set a job record for them  and to set a path for their kids and grandkids after them. That helps  people rise--every study we have seen on how to help people rise out of  poverty, graduate high school, wait till after marriage to have kids,  and have a job of any type. Let's help people rise. Let's help people  be employed and engaged. That is a helpful thing.   I think about some of the things that are happening even today.  Secretary Mayorkas was in front of our committee today, and it was  shocking to me to hear the Secretary of Homeland Security talk about  how much more efficient they have become at processing people at the  border and getting them into the country.   It used to be our evaluation for how we were managing Border Patrol  and Customs and Border Protection was how many people we were stopping  at the border and returning to their home country. He, literally, over  and over again, articulated how much faster they are now at processing  people at the border and releasing them into the country. Even at one  point when I challenged him and said: I understand people are being  released into the country without even a notice to appear; that they  are just being released into the country and told to go to a place  somewhere in the country, self-report themselves to an ICE office and  say: I would like to get a court order to be able to have a notice to  appear.   At that point, I said: How many people have been treated that way?   He said: I am not sure.   Well, I have already looked up the record on it. It is 19,000 just in  the past couple of months who have been brought across the border,  released into the country, and told just self-report yourself to  whatever ICE agent you see somewhere in the country.   I asked the simple question: How many people have already done that?   Not only could he not answer the number 19,000, which we have  confirmed, but he didn't know how many people had actually turned  themselves in and actually done it. But we continue to do this. It was  all about speed of moving people who are crossing the border into the  country rather than actually managing our border. And even something as  simple as just the gaps in the fence, they are still, as he said to me,  ``studying'' whether they are going to close the gaps in the fence.   We have a gas pipeline that has gone down due to a ransomware attack.  It reminded me, again, of how important gas pipelines are all over our  Nation, and it is interesting to me that on day one, one of the first  things that President Biden did was he stepped in and ended the  Keystone Pipeline moving through here and is now actively working to be  able to shut down all pipeline construction around the country.   Can I remind Americans, especially Americans on the East Coast, what  it means to lose a pipeline   When the President says we are not going to do more pipelines, that  means we have no redundancy; that if a pipeline goes down, there is not  an additional backup one in construction to be able to get there. It is  better to have multiple pipelines in the area so that if one goes down,  you still have other fuel supplies.   What if this pipeline had actually been a larger scale issue even  than a ransomware attack, as bad as that is? This whole fight that we  are having about pipelines suddenly makes sense to a whole lot of folks  on the East Coast who can't get gasoline. Pipelines are not evil.  Pipelines are moving energy across the country, and it is the least  expensive, safest way to be able to move that energy across the  country.   This week, of all weeks, has been interesting to have a dialogue  about S. 1. It was a long markup in the Rules Committee to be able to  talk about voting in America.   Now, I was at the White House several years ago when the FIRST STEP  Act was signed. It was a remarkable bill dealing with criminal justice  reform. As I was at the White House signing ceremony and the gathering  of all these different folks that had been engaged, it was interesting  to me to stand in that room with President Trump and to have folks from  the Heritage Foundation and folks from the ACLU in the same room  shaking hands and smiling and saying that this is a good piece of  legislation. In fact, it is the only time that I can remember sitting  at a signing ceremony watching people from two different perspectives  saying they both support something so strongly. That was the FIRST STEP  Act.   I have now seen my second time that that has occurred, when both the  Heritage Foundation and the ACLU both oppose S. 1 and H.R. 1. They have  both come out in opposition to it.   Well, that is an interesting gathering of folks to be able to gather  together from both political extremes to be able to look at a piece of  legislation--all 880 pages of it--and to say: That is a bad idea. Why  would they say that?   Well, let me count the ways of why they would say that.   In my State in Oklahoma, we have great voting engagement. Good. We  want to make it easy to vote. We want to make it hard to cheat. We want  as many people as possible to be able to vote and as many people as  possible to be able to engage in the process. It is the nature of a  Republic like ours. You need people to be able to be engaged. But we  also want to be able to follow up on that process as well, to be able  to make sure that if somebody is actually breaking the rules on that,  we follow up. And in our State, we do.   Recently, I followed up with our State leadership for voting to be  able to find out what happened in our last election and what are we  doing. We found 57 people as a State that voted twice in my State. All  57 of those names were turned over to local district attorneys, and  they will start following up with those individuals because that is a  violation of the law to be able to vote twice in our State. Fifty-seven  names is not very many, but it is because we continue to enforce the  law in our State to be able to make sure that we have as many people  voting as possible but also accountability for people who want to be  able to cheat in the system.   The interesting thing about S. 1 and H.R. 1 is that they make it much  easier to cheat in the process. They set up a different system where  you can actually have no voter ID. And it is not just no voter ID; it  is no voter ID and same-day registration combined. So you can literally  walk into a polling place that you are not registered for, not show an  ID, and say ``I am not registered. I would like to vote'' and not show  an ID and also vote that same day in that spot. There is no way to be  able to verify, then, one way or the other if this person is voting  twice because no one knows.   In my State that has great voter ID laws, it would gut them, and it  would take it away from our State, though no one is complaining about  voter ID in my State. You can show an ID. You can show a library card.  You can show a utility bill. You can show anything in my State just to  be able to verify that is actually you because we want people to be  able to vote, but we want to make sure it is that person who is  actually voting. That used to be a common, accepted practice.   Why would we want to create an environment where we would make it  easy to be able to cheat?   This bill, S. 1, also creates ballot harvesting--forces it around the  entire country. Folks may say: I have no idea what that is. Well, let  me set up what it is. Ballots are mailed to your house, and if you  haven't mailed it back in yet, you may have a knock at your door. They  come to your door.   And if they come to the door--it would be a political activist from  one of the campaigns, and they would say: Hey, have you filled out your  ballot yet? I know they got mailed out yesterday. Have you turned it  back in yet?   Oh, you haven't? Grab your ballot inside and bring it out on the  front porch, and I will help you fill it out right here on your front  porch. And, I tell you what I will do. I will also turn it in for you.  You won't even have to mail it. I will deliver it for you.   That is ballot harvesting. In most States, that is illegal. They want  to make that legal in every single State. That is an invitation to  fraud.  [[Page S2508]]    Now, there is a difference between ``I want to help facilitate  everyone to be able to vote and to be able to protect their right to  vote'' and actually creating opportunities for fraud where everyone  doubts every election. That is not the right way to go. I want to make  sure that we all look at an election at the end of it and say we can  trust that.   One of the ways we can trust it is through a Federal Election  Commission that actually is bipartisan. We have a Federal Election  Commission with an even number of Republicans and Democrats. They want  to change that to where it is five members, not six, and the last  member, who is the tie breaker, is someone selected by the President  who would be ``independent.'' I am sure that is going to work out just  fine, but that is not going to end up being a partisan individual.   In my State, all the ballots are done ahead of time--all of them. If  you do a mail-in ballot, those ballots are opened up early on. There  are Republicans and Democrats. There are poll watchers who are watching  it. All of the evaluations for the quality of the ballots are all  tested before election night. So that is all finished. So when election  night is done, by 10:30 in the evening, all the ballots have been  counted and election results are out.   Oh, no, that won't work. My Senate Democratic colleagues want to give  an additional 10 days for ballots to continue to trickle in. So,  literally, what we had in this last election where it was for days that  no one even knew how many ballots were coming in, and the uncertainty  that that creates in the process, they want to make sure that exists in  every State, not just in a few States.   Listen, I would rather have every State be like mine, to say that  everyone has to turn their ballot in early. It is not like election day  is a shocking day that no one knew about. In fact, the majority of  States around the country are like my State.   This is not just a partisan issue. Vermont has the same rule that we  have in Oklahoma. This is a straightforward way to protect the  integrity of the ballot, that you can turn in the ballots early, and  that you can evaluate all of them so the ballots aren't trickling in  for days.   If you love all those rules, let me give you one more quick one.  Remember that campaign speech or that campaign commercial that you  really, really hate, that you are sick of it by the time the election  comes? Well, get ready for a whole lot more of them because the S. 1  bill gives Federal dollars, 6 to 1, to be able to fund more campaigns  and to make sure campaigns have even more money.   So if someone raises $100,000, they are going to give--Federal tax  dollars--$600,000 to that candidate, even a candidate you didn't vote  for and don't like. They are going to get $600,000 for every $100,000.  If they raise $1 million for their campaign, they will get $6 million  of our Federal tax dollars.   I don't want to pay for campaigns I don't agree with. I don't think  that is the right way to go. And I don't bump into many people in my  State that get real excited about paying for someone else's campaign  whom they disagree with.   I think this bill was the result of the 2020 election. They pulled it  out and said: That election was such a shambles. We need to be able to  put a bill out there to do that.   But you would be incorrect. Actually, this bill is exactly what they  pulled out in 2017, saying that Russia took over the election in 2016  and so we need a big bill to be able to fix it. And for 4 years they  have been pushing it and, now, after this election, they pulled it out  again and said: We have to be able to do this.   It is the same bill. It used to be the bill to fight Russia. Now it  is the bill to be able to fight whatever now.   Listen, let each State make those decisions, and when there is a  challenge for that, take it to Federal court. That is why we have the  court system. Allow those Federal courts to process through those  challenges.   We want every person to be able to be protected, to be able to vote,  and if some State is suppressing the vote, take that to Federal court,  and let's solve that and make sure that does not occur. But don't tell  everyone in my State that Washington, DC knows better.   We have Republicans and Democrats that have worked very hard on  election law in my State. In fact, there was just an expansion of  additional days for early voting in my State. It has been a nonpartisan  issue in my State. Let's not make it a partisan issue now and tell  everyone across the entire country that DC knows best. Let's put this  bill aside and not pass the S. 1 bill.   With that, I yield the floor.   