 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the Minor Consent for Vaccinations  Amendment Act of 2020 is a measure adopted by the District of Columbia  that would allow for children 11 years old and older to consent on  their own, without their parents' knowledge or acquiescence or consent,  to being vaccinated. They could receive a vaccine, contrary to the  wishes of their parents or without them even knowing.   Young children don't necessarily know their own medical histories,  their families' medical histories, potential allergies, nor do they  have the adult judgment that is sometimes needed to make an informed  decision as to consent for a particular medical procedure or treatment  or even vaccination, which is exactly why parents make healthcare  decisions on behalf of their own children.  [[Page S976]]    Parents play the most important role in caring for the health of  their children. Moms and dads are at the heart of their children's  education and care, and it is crucial that they be able to make  decisions about what kind of healthcare is best for them and about the  timing of it and certainly that they be not only able to make the  decision but also that they be aware of it in the first place.   The DC legislation that I referenced a moment ago goes so far as to  hide children's vaccinations from their own parents, even after it has  occurred, in other words. This information is withheld from the  parents. It requires doctors, nurses, insurance companies, and even  public schools to conceal their children's vaccinations from their  parents.   It would also fly in the face of parents who may have religious  beliefs causing them to object to vaccinations or who have made the  decision for their children to forgo, either on a long-term basis or  for a particular period of time, certain vaccinations--like the HPV  vaccine, for example.   Furthermore, it would pave the way for allowing children to consent  to other types of medical treatment without parental knowledge down the  road, other treatments in other contexts that might have long-lasting,  significant impacts on their health.   Look, as a parent myself and as someone who, as a parent, believes in  vaccinations, I think it is imperative to realize that regardless of  how you, in particular, feel about vaccines, even if, like me, you  support the idea of being vaccinated and having your children  vaccinated, remember that there are those who don't share those views,  and remember that separate and apart from their views, there are some  people whose family histories and personal medical experience might  reveal some tendency toward a reaction, an idiosyncratic reaction that  could be harmful. In some circumstances the timing of a vaccination can  also be important. These are all considerations that a parent ought to  be able to make, and in every jurisdiction that respects the  independence of parental rights, these ought to be decisions that are  made by parents and certainly ought not be decisions made by children  as young as 11 years old without their parents' consent or even their  knowledge.   In light of these concerns, as in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Committee on Homeland Security and  Governmental Affairs be discharged from further consideration of S.J.  Res. 7 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I  further ask that the joint resolution be considered read a third time  and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table.    Madam President, I appreciate the thoughtful words of my  friend and distinguished colleague, the Senator from Delaware. I am  grateful anytime someone is willing to recognize  [[Page S977]]  that I have been a consistent champion of federalism and localism,  self-rule.   He and I agree that those principles are important. My friend from  Delaware, being a former Governor himself, understands the sovereignty  of the States and the need to respect their judgment.   This is a different circumstance here than that. This would  absolutely be inappropriate for us, in any other circumstance, to tell  a State or any political subdivision of any State--a city, town, a  county, any other subunit of one of our 50 sovereign States--it would  be inappropriate for us to weigh in on a local policy issue like this.  It is, in fact, part of our constitutional design that each State and  each community within each State needs to be able to express itself and  make its own decisions based on its own unique preferences.   Here is a very significant difference with respect to the District of  Columbia. It has its own provision of the Constitution--in fact, its  own clause in article I, section 8, known as the enclave clause. This  provision, found in article I, section 8, clause 17, gives Congress  exclusive legislative jurisdiction over what we now call the District  of Columbia. It wasn't called that in 1787, when they wrote this. It  hadn't yet been designed, created, but it described the area to be  created out of land donated by one or more States, no more than 10  miles square that would serve as the seat of our national government.   There was an understanding the Founding Fathers had that the seat of  government ought not be under the control of any single State, but  rather it ought to be in a special status. To that end, the Founding  Fathers put ultimate legislative jurisdiction in the hands of Congress,  not in that district itself, not in the hands of the States that  donated the land to create it, but in Congress.   Now, the DC Home Rule Act, of course, gives substantial authority to  the DC City Council and Mayor. As it relates to this legislation, it  gives the DC government 30 business days after the passage and  enrollment of this legislation, and in that 30 business-day period,  Congress has the ability to disapprove of that legislation, which would  stop it from being implemented when it is set to take effect on March  18.   Let's remember what we are talking about here. We are talking about  the most basic fundamental choice that a parent has relative to his or  her child: the authority and the discretion to decide when, whether,  how, and under what circumstances and what time certain medical  procedures may be performed on the child. You might disagree with the  medical judgment of a particular parent and at a particular moment, but  I am not aware of any State that would make the decision on a statewide  basis to take this choice away from parents and to say that a child as  young as 11 years old could make his or her own choice and not only  deprive a child's parents from being able to make that decision but  also be able to deprive that child's parents from ever even learning  about it. These things are sometimes not without consequence.   Imagine, for example, a circumstance in which the parents are aware  of some particular medical condition, a medical procedure that this  child has recently had. Imagine circumstances in which a child's  siblings or the child him or herself had previously reacted to a  particular vaccination in a particular way or imagine a circumstance in  which religious considerations come into play. Do we really want to  deprive parents of the ability to make that decision?   I am not aware of any State legislature that would make that choice.  I certainly hope they wouldn't. But regardless, and even though this  would not be our choice, this would not be within our authority if it  were not within the District of Columbia and, therefore, within our  plenary legislative jurisdiction under the enclave clause to make this  decision from Congress. It is our decision here because, at the end of  the day, the DC government itself is acting on authority delegated to  it by the Congress.   So whether you like it or not, whether you like, in the abstract, the  idea of localism either as embodied in federalism or even more  generally than that, you can't escape the fact that under our  constitutional system, we are the lawmaker for DC, no less than any  State's legislature is the legislative body for that State. If you  choose not to decide here, you still have made a choice. You still have  made a choice to approve of that legislative body stripping away  critical protections, critical rights that parents have. We have made  that decision not just because it sounds like the right thing to do,  but anyone who has ever been a parent understands that it has to be the  parent's choice. A parent has to be in a position of making these  decisions and, at least, for crying out loud, be made aware of this.  This takes away not only their authority or their rights but even their  awareness of what has happened to their child.   So, yes, I understand the concerns of localism. They simply don't  apply here.   Under our constitutional system, under the Constitution itself, the  document to which we all have sworn an oath to uphold, protect, and  defend, this is not a State decision.   To the extent it is a decision for the DC government, for the DC City  Council, and Mayor, that is authority that we have delegated to the  District, and it is authority that is ultimately ours. We are  ultimately answerable to the people, to those who have elected us, to  make sure that is exercised responsibly.   So if you don't like the fact that we are doing this--for that  matter, if you don't like the policy of this, if you as a State  lawmaker wouldn't be comfortable with this policy being adopted in your  State--you have not only every right and every authority, but I believe  you have a moral obligation to stand up to this piece of legislation.  Do not let this kick in on March 18. This is wrong. It is not something  we have to accept, and it is certainly not something that the  Constitution even allows, much less compels.   I yield the floor.   