 Mr. President, I am sorry that I missed the incredibly  thoughtful comments of the Democratic whip, who I think spoke on the  topic--one of the topics--that I am going to speak about.   I think I have 10 minutes. Is that right?   OK. Thank you.    I thank the Presiding Officer and thank the--I want to  thank the brilliant ruling of the Parliamentarian on that subject.    Mr. President, I want to touch on two critically  important subjects that the Senate is considering today. First, I want  to rise in support of Vanita Gupta, President Biden's nominee to serve  as the Associate Attorney General, the third highest ranking position  in our Justice Department.   I think my good friend, the Senator from Illinois, has already spoken  about Ms. Gupta. I want to make a personal note. First, that Vanita is  a fellow Virginian. I am proud to say that she and her husband, Chinh  Le, are raising their two sons in the Commonwealth. They live in  Arlington.   Ms. Gupta is also an outstanding public servant. She served from 2014  to 2017 as the Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the Civil  Rights Division at DOJ. She led the Division, as the Acting Assistant  Attorney General, until 2015.   Since 2017, she has led one of the country's preeminent civil rights  organizations--the Leadership Conference for Civil and Human Rights.  This means that, if confirmed, Ms. Gupta will be the first civil rights  leader in any of the top three positions at Justice.   The sheer depth and breadth of Ms. Gupta's legal and professional  experience makes her an outstanding selection to serve as the Associate  Attorney General. Perhaps that is why Ms. Gupta's supporters span the  political spectrum.   My understanding is that my friend, the Senator from Illinois, has  already pointed out some of this broad-based bipartisan support. Let me  elaborate on some of that support. Grover Norquist calls her an  ``honest broker'' in his endorsement letter.   Let me just state for the record that I have had interactions with  Grover Norquist since before I was Governor, over 20 years, and Grover  Norquist has never called me anything close to as nice as he called  Vanita Gupta as an ``honest broker.''   Mark Holden, the former general counsel of Koch Industries, writes:  ``Ms. Gupta is an exceptional lawyer, and among the most talented  lawyers I have worked with in my career.''   Ms. Gupta has spent years and years collaborating with people from  across the spectrum to promote a more fair and equal justice system.   And let me note for the record, as well, that I have not always  agreed with Ms. Gupta. I was very involved in  [[Page S1960]]  housing finance reform. Ms. Gupta, as chairman of the Conference on  Civil Rights, had a different opinion, but I always respected her  intellect and her willingness to listen to alternative views and her  willingness to really dig into the facts.   With that background as a civil rights leader in the thick of issues  around policing, race, and criminal justice reform, she actually led  the investigations of police departments in Ferguson, Chicago, and  Baltimore.   At the same time, I have a long list of law enforcement groups that  are supporting Ms. Gupta's nomination, including the National Fraternal  Order of Police. Again, in terms of the FOP, I think in all my career,  one time they endorsed me. Again, her receiving that endorsement is  different than myself and perhaps even the Senator from Illinois.   Ms. Gupta has also led broad-ranging and robust enforcement and  education efforts to combat hate crimes, including the first-ever  prosecutions under the newly enacted Matthew Shepard and James Byrd,  Jr., Hate Crimes Prevention Act.   Under her leadership, the Civil Rights Division trained local and  Federal law enforcement throughout the country in recognizing,  investigating, and proving hate crimes; in educating communities and  engaging them in a process of ensuring public safety; and in  encouraging better hate crime reporting and data collection.   I would like to close on one other timely credential. As chairman of  the Intelligence Committee, I have meticulously chronicled the  corrosive effects of disinformation and foreign interference into our  elections--something the Presiding Officer is also a national leader  on.   Ms. Gupta has been a leading voice for election integrity,  thoughtfully and firmly engaging social media platforms to address  disinformation on their platforms, as well as voter suppression, hate,  division, and violence.   Among the many important roles the Department of Justice has right  now, securing our democracy itself is surely near the top of the list.   Vanita Gupta is a person of extraordinary ability. She has the right  experience for this role, and I am honored to support her in her  nomination today and hope that later today, we will get broad  bipartisan support to move forward that nomination.   