 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise in support of the nomination of  Rufus Gifford to be Chief of Protocol with the rank of Ambassador.   Rufus, a native son of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,  transitioned to a career in public service after a very successful  career in the private sector.   In 2013, President Obama nominated Rufus to be U.S. Ambassador to  Denmark, and he was unanimously confirmed by the U.S. Senate.   In Copenhagen, Rufus was the headliner in a reality TV show, ``I Am  the Ambassador.'' The show's innovative approach to public diplomacy  gave Danish viewers, particularly young people, an all-access pass into  the life of a U.S. Ambassador and the U.S. diplomatic presence in the  country. In a country of just 5 million people, 200,000 Danes tuned in  to see how the U.S. Ambassador advanced his country's core interests.  One Danish viewer said that ``it is the type of show you would watch  with your mother-in-law, and she would say, oh, he is a lovely man,  that Rufus Gifford.''   Rufus's effusive personality makes him the perfect choice for this  new role as Chief of Protocol. In Copenhagen, Denmark, Rufus opened the  Ambassador's residence to thousands of visitors. As Chief of Protocol,  he will once again play host to foreign dignitaries at the White House  and Blair House. His hand will be the first outstretched to greet a  Prime Minister, President, or Monarch at a time when diplomacy is most  needed.   Ambassador Gifford was unanimously confirmed by this body in 2013 and  was  [[Page S8940]]  unanimously reported out of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee 4  months ago. I ask unanimous consent that Ambassador Gifford once again  earn the support of the full Senate and be confirmed as Chief of  Protocol with the rank of Ambassador.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration  of the following nomination: Calendar No. 320, Rufus Gifford, of  Massachusetts, to be Chief of Protocol, and to have the rank of  Ambassador during his tenure of service; that the nomination be  confirmed; that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further  motions be in order on the nomination and that the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Reserving the right to object, Senator Cruz knows that  the Democrats have offered the Republicans--offered him a vote on Nord  Stream 2 as part of consideration of the National Defense Authorization  Act. His own colleagues are the ones who objected to a vote being held  on the Nord Stream 2 Pipeline as part of that agreement that was  generously offered by the Democrats to the Republicans.   The problem is not on this side; the problem is on the side of the  Senator from Texas. Yet he continues to hold up dozens of State  Department officials, many of them career officials who should be on  their jobs around the world right now.   Ultimately, right now, the onus lies on the Republican side for not  having a vote on the subject that the Senator from Texas has raised,  the Nord Stream 2 Pipeline; therefore, I object to the motion from the  gentleman from Texas.    I yield back.   