 Madam Speaker, as we rapidly approach the upcoming  holiday season, which is the busiest time of year for many American  families and for many industries, I am, we all are, greatly concerned  about the state of our country. Gas prices are the highest we have seen  in nearly a decade, forcing families to contemplate if they can afford  to travel for the holidays.   Worse yet, those wishing to travel further are worried that their  flights may be canceled at the last minute because there aren't even  enough pilots to fly the planes.   Those who have saved their hard-earned money for months to buy their  loved ones something special for Christmas worry that their delivery  will be stuck at our backed-up ports.   Make no mistake, all of these crises happening at once are not a  coincidence. They are the result of failed Biden administration  policies and a rejection, a whole-out rejection of the longstanding  values that always made our America great. Authoritarian vaccine  mandates on many vital industries have led to labor shortages on a  massive scale.   Overtaxation on small businesses and their owners through an increase  in the individual tax rate threaten more than 130,000 jobs in an  already struggling job market. Overbearing red tape in this socialist  reconciliation bill threatens to raise penalties on businesses by over  500 percent and will lead to more small businesses going bankrupt,  something we have already seen far too much of over the last 2 years.   This is not what America wants. We are already struggling to sustain  a valuable and available workforce. Democrats' overregulation on our  businesses and government handouts are leading to a cradle-to-grave  welfare state, crippling our country's ability to recover from the  pandemic and once again thrive as the strongest nation on Earth. And it  is all coming to a head. It is all coming to a head this holiday  season.   We cannot continue to weaken American businesses. We cannot continue  to weaken American supply chains. We cannot continue to weaken the  American Dream. We cannot continue to weaken the greatest nation on the  face of the Earth: America. We are the greatest country there has ever  been and ever will be. Why is the left trying so hard, so desperately  to destroy that greatness?   We must get Americans back to work, and we must support policies that  allow our businesses to flourish and not wither away. It is the basis  of America.   I will continue to fight alongside my colleagues to ensure that these  bad, destructive policies and their decades-long consequences are  prevented. We will continue to fight for good policy that opens our  country back up, that gets our people back to work, that makes us  strong and puts America back to the forefront of the world stage.   