 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to this  Congressional Review Act resolution, which would nullify a rule put in  place by President Trump that contributed to our American energy  domestic dominance.   Unfortunately, for Democrats, this misguided solution in search of a  nonexistent problem trades American livelihoods for radical activist  priorities.   The United States leads the world in emissions reductions, thanks to  the natural gas revolution. Our emissions declined significantly over  the last few decades, while natural gas production spiked by more than  50 percent, proving that renewable resources like natural gas provide a  clean, low-cost energy alternative.   This CRA will only limit our domestic supply and force us to look  abroad, once again, empowering OPEC and Russia to determine the price  of living our daily lives. As the ranking member of the Energy and  Minerals Resources Subcommittee, I know that our domestic energy  producers are the best in the world.  [[Page H3146]]    With many being small business owners, they are a testament to  American innovation as they deliver us low-cost energy while reducing  emissions. We need to return to American energy first policies that  empower our workers and American innovation, and not failed policies  that hand the keys over to our rivals.   Mr. Speaker, therefore, I urge a ``no'' vote on this resolution.    Madam Speaker, as a father of four, I believe that life  is a gift that must be cherished and defended.   For me, a pro-life father of four, a huge part of my story is my son  Isaac. Isaac was born with Down syndrome. I know that with our love and  support, he is capable of moving mountains.   The sad news is that many don't believe that people like my son  deserve a right to life or to reach their full potential.   This is why I am a cosponsor of legislation like H.R. 18, the No  Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act. This bill will help ensure that  taxpayer dollars do not go toward taking away any child's right to  life.   Imagine a world where every child was given the opportunity to dream,  accomplish, and succeed. The world would be a much better place, our  future brighter than ever.   That is why I will always support legislation that ensures every life  is protected.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committees on Energy  and Commerce, Ways and Means, and the Judiciary be discharged from  further consideration of H.R. 18 and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   