 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of  my bipartisan bill, H.R. 4233, the Student Veterans Counseling Centers  Eligibility Act.   The issue to which I will speak is exceedingly personal to me and my  district, as I represent close to 90,000 veterans, most of whom are or  will be receiving benefits via the Post-9/11 GI Bill or the Montgomery  GI Bill.   The transition from Active Duty to civilian life can be challenging  for some of our servicemembers. It can be tremendously difficult for  many of our servicemembers to return to education after sacrificing so  much for our Nation abroad. This is especially true for older and  nontraditional student veterans.   A few months ago, alongside Ranking Member Bost, I had the privilege  of introducing the Student Veterans Counseling Centers Eligibility Act.  It passed out of the Veterans' Affairs Committee with a unanimous vote.   Our Nation's veterans represent the very best among us here in the  United States, but many serve at great personal cost. A recent RAND  study reported that 20 percent of veterans on the GI Bill experience  feelings of depression or PTSD. That 20 percent amounts to over 170,000  veterans, which is almost double the number I mentioned previously of  the veterans I represent in my district.   As one can imagine, serving as a member of our Armed Forces can be  extremely stressful. Too often, we see the tragedy of our veterans  losing their battle with mental health issues when returning from  service. A very tragic and somber fact is that the VA currently  estimates 18 veterans a day commit suicide. In fact, 46 percent of our  military students report suicidal thoughts compared to only 6 percent  of their nonmilitary peers.   If we can provide mental health services to assist just a single  veteran who is struggling, then I believe it is our sworn duty to do  so. We have the opportunity now with the Student Veterans Counseling  Centers Eligibility Act.   Education poses one of the most beneficial yet stressful areas of  transition for our veterans. The intention of this bill is to aid more  of our veterans who are readjusting to civilian lives while providing  overdue access to vital mental health resources.   Helping veterans succeed in their education and civilian lives is one  of the most important ways we can thank them for their service.   I have spoken with some of these student veterans. I have heard their  stories. These student veterans have had to wait weeks to even months  for a mental health appointment if their mental health crisis was not  deemed urgent. Unfortunately, many of our veterans do not have the  luxury of weeks or months to wait to see a mental health provider.   Furthermore, private mental health can be inaccessible for those not  utilizing the benefits of the GI Bill. An average therapy session could  cost between $60 to $120, with the higher end reaching over $250 per  session. Even with health insurance, premiums often can be $50 per  session.   The Student Veterans Counseling Centers Eligibility Act would provide  expanded counseling and mental health services to those student  veterans through the VA's Readjustment Counseling Centers, known as vet  centers.    Mr. Speaker, I am extremely honored and  proud to sponsor this bill, and I am grateful to Ranking Member Bost  for his support as an original cosponsor and to all of my Republican  and Democratic colleagues who have come together to support this very  critical bipartisan legislation.   I am also thankful to the Student Veterans of America for their  support.   I ask all Members for bipartisan support.   