 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, later this evening, the Democrat- controlled Senate will hold a vote on another dead-on-arrival bill.   This time, though, it isn't just a messaging bill designed to put on  a show for their far left. This is legislation that is actually  critical to the stability of our government, our economy, and the  livelihood of millions of public servants.   For months now, Republicans have made clear, though, we will not  split the ticket when it comes to Democrats' reckless tax-and-spending  spree. We will not vote to raise the debt limit just so Democrats can  spend another $3.5 trillion and add that to the American people's  credit card in a purely partisan exercise.   If this was ever a secret, it was the worst kept secret in  Washington, DC.  [[Page S6689]]  But our Democratic colleagues simply can't resist a chance to virtue  signal even if it wastes valuable floor time here in the Senate.   We have seen this before. In fact, Democrats' designed-to-fail agenda  practically dominated the Senate's calendar this summer. There was a  bill to exploit the cause of gender pay fairness in order to line the  pockets of trial lawyers. There was legislation to overhaul America's  election system and hand Democrats a permanent governing majority. The  latest version of this bill, which will also fail, will come up for a  vote in a matter of days.   Senator Schumer has even forecasted votes on other bills that were so  unpopular, as it turned out, that they didn't even make it to the  Senate floor. There was one that would have eroded American's Second  Amendment rights and another that would punish schools and hospitals  that refused to comply with ``woke'' social norms.   Now, this isn't an agenda to better the lives of the American people  or protect the country from global threats. It is pandering, pure and  simple. While pandering to their radical base is the focus of the  Democrat-led Senate, there are a number of threats this body should  actually address. The most obvious is the need to prevent another  government shutdown.   Let's not forget the Biden border crisis on our southern border. For  the entirety of President Biden's term of office, Democrats have  refused to acknowledge any sort of problem at all with our southern  border because, apparently, they don't actually believe in borders or  apparently care little about the drugs smuggled into this country that  took the lives of 90,000 Americans last year alone. Even as hundreds of  thousands of migrants poured across our border every month, Democrats  showed no concern or didn't even acknowledge that there was a problem.   Then things came to a head. Finally, the news media began to pay  attention to Del Rio. Within a matter of days, 30,000 migrants--nearly  30,000, primarily from Haiti--crossed the border and set up camp under  the International Bridge in Del Rio, TX. Early statements indicated  that the administration would make heavy use of title 42, which is a  public health title designed to protect the American people against the  spread of COVID-19. Early statements indicated the administration would  make use of that public health title and expedited removal to return  these individuals to their home countries. It sounded like a pretty  remarkably sensible strategy.   But now that the migrant camp has been cleared, we know that is not  what happened. Only about 2,000 migrants were returned to Haiti, a  small percentage of the nearly 30,000 who crossed into Del Rio. Some  8,000 voluntarily returned to Mexico, but I expect many of those  migrants and their families will make another attempt to reenter the  United States. Another 5,000 of that number are currently being  processed by the Department of Homeland Security.   In a television appearance this weekend, Secretary Mayorkas said 10  to 12,000 migrants, the ones that were huddled under the bridge in Del  Rio, TX--10 to 12,000 migrants--have been released into the United  States, untested for COVID-19, unvaccinated, when, in fact, the Biden  administration has said that the public health title 42 was going to be  used to exclude them.   Well, those numbers are likely to grow in the coming days because,  frankly, all the Biden administration was concerned about, apparently,  was the bad optics of 30,000 migrants huddled under a border bridge in  Del Rio, TX.   What the Biden administration did, as opposed to what they said they  were going to do, is an open invitation for more migrants to illegally  come to the United States. Individuals who are trying to decide whether  to make the dangerous journey to our borders are reading the same  headlines and watching the same TV news shows that we are, and many of  them are simply calling their relatives in the United States saying:  Should I still come?   And they are being given the green light because of the failure of  the Biden administration to do anything to deter or to sway or to add  costs to people illegally entering the United States. In so doing, the  Biden administration is sending an unmistakable message to more  migrants to come to the United States because, if you do, there is a  good chance you will be released into the American countryside and  disappear into that great American heartland. Migrants will ignore what  President Biden is saying because they know what his administration is  doing or, in this case, not doing, which is not securing the borders.   Unless something changes, the Haitian migration and the crisis in Del  Rio that fixated the attention of the news media and all America-- unless something changes from a policy perspective, this is going to  happen again.   We already know that border crossings are at their highest levels in  20 years. Now the administration is apparently opening the door to even  more illegal migration. And the smuggling organizations--the organized  crime syndicates that profit from charging these migrants thousands of  dollars to get them into the country--will continue to get rich because  of the administration's unwillingness to enforce our immigration laws.   Well, Congress has a duty to take action and address this crisis  before it grows even more out of control. Democrats cannot ignore the  responsibility to enforce our laws and secure our borders just because  it upsets part of their political base.   There are a lot of things we need to do in the Senate, and this  parade of dead-on-arrival bills does nothing to move us in the right  direction. Clearly, our Democratic colleagues are finding their  newfound majority--they are having a lot of trouble using this power to  actually govern. They have a wide gulf between the so-called moderates  of their party--what they can stomach and what the progressive leftwing  demands.   They are up against the government funding deadline in just the next  few days that could risk a shutdown during what is already tough  economic times for many Americans because of the pandemic. They are  trying to use a partisan budgetary process to pass trillions of dollars  of more deficit-spending while also trying to get another trillion- dollar infrastructure bill signed into law. To top things off, they  have fanned the flames of the crisis at our border, struggled to defend  an indefensible, disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan, and offended  America's oldest ally. This is not what governing looks like.   There is no spotlight on a party like there is when you hold all the  cards--when you control the White House, the House, and the Senate. The  American people know who is responsible for the status quo. When the  majority party all but refuses to work with the minority party, that  spotlight grows even brighter.   I hope--but frankly I don't expect--that our Democrats will  reevaluate the wisdom of this parade of failed bills and spend a little  bit of time working with Republicans on legislation that could actually  pass and make a positive difference for our country.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   