 Madam President, this past week, we held 12 townhalls  back home in my home State of Kansas. We heard from Kansans about a  variety of issues, but thanks to this administration's economic  policies, runaway inflation has replaced COVID at the top of the  mountain of concerns for the people from my State.   Make no mistake about it--the inflation harming checking accounts of  Kansans and all Americans rests squarely on the shoulders of the  socialist economic policies coming out of the White House, otherwise  known as Bidenomics.   As we all know, yesterday, the Department of Labor reported consumer  prices climbed for the third straight month, jumping over 5 percent in  June--the largest increase in 13 years. Gas prices are up, groceries  are up, cars and truck prices are up, home prices are up, paper  products are up, utilities are up, and I could go on and on.   Every day, we see the Bidenomics of inflation impacting hard-working  Americans. In fact, inflation is a great social injustice. Inflation is  really a regressive tax. It hurts everyone but none more than our  seniors and young, hard-working families living paycheck to paycheck.   So what exactly is Bidenomics? Let's look at what they did to create  this crisis. Stating the obvious, they are printing money, borrowing  money we don't have, and implementing quantitative easing like there is  no tomorrow, like there are no generations of America for our future.   Look no further than the cost of utilities. The administration has  made it hard to use affordable, clean, traditional energy, and they  leveled more and more regulations on the industry.   Manufactured products? Ditto. Bidenomics is paying people more to  stay at home than go to work, creating labor shortages and government- created bottlenecks in manufacturing plants. And then, to top things  off, we don't even have enough truckdrivers to transport goods to  market.   As for gasoline, I bring your attention, which is up 31 percent since  January, and according to AAA, it is expected to rise another 20 cents  this summer.   Let's think about what all the administration has done. They shut  down the Keystone XL. They stopped drilling on government lands and  imposed harmful rules and regulations to slow down drilling and make it  more expensive. We are now importing more oil from Russia than Alaska.   As a physician in rural Kansas, I had the privilege of delivering a  baby most every day, and one thing I always noticed, when that price of  gasoline got above $3 a gallon, all of a sudden, those moms were  missing their appointments. Today, we are at that number, and we are  expecting it to go even higher, unfortunately. Kansans aren't the only  ones feeling the squeeze at the pump.   Many popular items we all regularly purchase at the grocery store  increased in recent months. The cost of a typical all-American Kansas  breakfast--two eggs, bacon, hash browns, toast, and orange juice--is up  almost 10 percent.   Pre-COVID, we had the greatest economy in my lifetime, and that came  about because we lowered people's taxes, we lowered regulations, and we  lowered energy prices. Now, out-of-control spending and socialist  policies dictated by the White House are leading to rampant inflation  that shows no signs of stopping   I yield the floor.   