 Mr. President.    Mr. President, I want to make two points.   First, I want to associate myself with the remarks of some of my  colleagues earlier about the fact that we don't know what is in this  bill. That is not a criticism of anyone or any party. You can only  absorb so much. If you define our job, at least in part, as  representing our people and knowing what we are voting on when we vote,  I would respectfully suggest we would be better off having our staff  vote. Now, I doubt there is more than one or two or, maybe, three staff  members who really know or who have a global, macro, picture of what is  in the bill, but at least our staffs know more about it than we do.  That is not a criticism of anybody or any party. That is just a fact.   I think, if you were to just pick 10 Senators at random and ask them  off the record, ``Do you know what is in this bill? Not every word, but  do you have a general idea of everything in this bill?'' 9 out of 10  would tell you that they don't, and the 10th is probably lying.   Now, I have said before--and I really think that it is a shame. I  have said before--and I meant it--that I know some of my colleagues  better than others, but I think I know all of my colleagues in the  Senate. These are the most interesting, complex people--that is, in  part, why they are interesting--whom I have ever been around. There are  some enormously talented people in this body. Let me just pick one at  random.   When Senator Scott doesn't have time to understand or Senator Durbin  doesn't have time to figure out everything that is in the bill because  things are moving so fast, that shortchanges all of us. They are  talented people. They may be able to say something: What about this  provision? This doesn't make sense. What do you think, Senator Kennedy?  What do you think, Senator Murphy?   So that really bothers me. That is not a criticism of my Democratic  friends, and that is not a criticism of the majority leader, Senator  Schumer. It wasn't any better when the Republicans were in control. I  just think that it is so sad, so unfortunate, and it is so avoidable.   I understand that floor time is limited. So we want to do things  quickly around here. But there is no law that says we can't start  earlier and work later. There is no law that says we can't cooperate in  terms of allowing the majority to have more floor time so that all of  us have a greater opportunity to understand what we are voting on.   I mean, excuse me, Senator Scott, look at that. I think that is only  a portion of the bill. Honestly.   Now, the second point I wanted to make--I learned really quickly when  I got here that Senators are like cats: They do what they want. Why is  that? Because we have minority rights. Our rules pretty much are  written to protect the minority.   So a fair question is, Well, how do we ever get anything done? Well,  we do it by consent. We couldn't run this place without consent, and we  give our consent automatically to a lot of relatively trivial matters,  the day-to-day functioning of the Senate. Yet we don't readily give our  consent--or at least not as readily as we should--when we are dealing  with more important matters, like the Endless Frontier Act.   Now, I voted to get on this bill because I was told that we were  going to have an open amendment process. In my judgment, we didn't have  an open amendment process. That is, again, not a criticism of the  Democratic majority, and it is not a criticism of Senator Schumer. It  wasn't a damn bit better when the Republicans had the majority. It just  wasn't.   An open amendment process, to me, means that any Senator should be  able to come to this floor, respecting each other so that we allot  ourselves time, and offer an amendment for all of us to hear. Now,  obviously you can't spend 20 hours on one amendment, but if one wants  to present an amendment, I think 5 minutes would be sufficient. We do  that all the time in a vote-arama.   When people--some people say, when I raised this issue, they say: Oh,  vote-aramas are terrible because we are here all night.   We don't have to be here all night. You can start a vote-arama at 8  in the morning and stop at 5:30 or 6. That is an open amendment  process.   An open amendment--I was told we would have an open amendment  process. I wouldn't have gotten on this bill otherwise. Now, I don't  know how it works on the Democratic side. I suspect it works very  similar to the way it works on our side. You have an amendment, but you  have to get the permission of other Senators to even offer your  amendment. You have to go see the bill manager. You have to see the  majority leader. You have to see the committee chairman. You have to  see the ranking member. And anybody can say: No, I just don't like your  amendment. And I think it works the same way on the Democratic side.  That is not an open amendment process--not even close.   You say: Well, why does it matter?   You know, we have seniority, and we elect our leaders, and I get all  of that, but nobody is infallible. I will give you a specific example.  We are giving, in this bill, I am told--it could have changed  overnight--but about $56 billion to the semiconductor industry. We are  told we need to do that because the semiconductor industry--private  semiconductor industry--is essential to our ability to compete with  China.   So far, so good. There are a lot of companies that are essential to  competing in the global economy--the finance industry, the energy  industry, the banking industry. We have to eat. Farmers--you could  marshal a pretty persuasive argument that they are essential too. But  this bill singles out the semiconductor industry for $56 billion, and I  believe--I am not sure because it could have changed--that we are  giving President Biden the authority to give up to $3 billion to each  private company. So we are picking winners and losers. Some people like  that; some people don't. I get it. That is why God made votes. We will  have a vote on it, but the fact is that we are doing it.   Senator Sanders had a very interesting idea. In fact, it is an idea  that I had on my side as well. He said: Look, if we are taking taxpayer  money and we are giving it to private companies, why don't we let the  taxpayers participate in the upside? Why don't we give taxpayers--you  can't give individual taxpayers, but you can certainly give, say, the  Department of Treasury on behalf of taxpayers warrants or stock  options.  [[Page S3869]]    So if President Biden--if this bill passes and President Biden  exercises his authority to give $3 billion to XYZ Semiconductor  Company, and the semiconductor company uses that capital wisely and  triples its profits, and its stock goes up 233 percent, the American  taxpayer has warrants or stock options.   Now, I am not speaking for Senator Sanders. I haven't really had a  chance to talk to Bernie about his idea; I am just intrigued by it.   I had a similar idea. I wanted to use stock options on my side. By  ``my side,'' I mean the Republican side. I offered it up, and it is  still floating around. It is probably in a black hole somewhere. None  of the powers that be on my side that--they said: We are not going to  let you do that.   That is not an open amendment process. It is honestly not.   And I hear this business about regular order, and I am not arguing  that we are not following regular order. It is just that regular order  is irregular.   I mean, this is an incredibly talented group of people, and we ought  to be able to design a parliamentary procedure that looks like somebody  designed it on purpose so that every single Member in this body has a  chance to offer input and to have his or her ideas seriously  considered. And it won't be an unwieldy process. We do it all the time  with the vote-arama.   Now, vote-aramas--I am going to come back to a point I made earlier,  but I want to emphasize it. Vote-aramas can be painful. Nobody likes to  stay up all night. But we don't have to stay up all night. We can start  at a reasonable hour and end at a reasonable hour.   And I dare say that if you took all the time that we have spent  collectively over the last week or so in the back rooms making deals,  making side deals, saying ``You can't have your amendment''; ``Yeah, I  like your amendment''; ``No, that is a dumb idea,'' none of which is  transparent, until we come up, finally, with some kind of package that  makes probably 75 percent of the folks mad and mostly 100 percent don't  know what is in it--if we took all the time that we spent on that and  instead spent it by saying ``OK. Here is the bill. You have a  reasonable amount of time to understand what is in it, and now we are  going to start the amendment process. There is going to be 5 minutes to  present your amendment, and there will be 5 minutes to argue it by an  opponent. We are going to really have 20-minute votes. We are going to  start at a reasonable hour, and we are going to end at a reasonable  hour, and then we will come back and do it the next day,'' yes, we will  burn maybe 5, 6 days of floor time, but the minority party is going to  cooperate with the majority party in terms of helping it preserve floor  time that it has to have to do other things that the majority party  needs to do.    Again, I am not criticizing Senator Schumer. The Republicans did the  same thing when we had the majority. But I just think we are wasting an  enormous amount of talent in this body by, A, not giving them a voice-- witness Senator Sanders' warrant idea. I don't know what happened on  his side of the aisle. On my side of the aisle, when I brought it up,  they killed it deader than a doornail, and that is not an open  amendment process.   We are also wasting an enormous amount of talent because we are not-- in offering these ideas to each other, we are not getting the benefit  of the wisdom of our colleagues.   So I wanted to get that off my chest, and that is about all I have to  say, and I appreciate your attention.   