 Madam President, reserving the right to object.    Madam President, reserving the right to object,  Senators Murkowski and Sullivan have ably represented the very serious  plight of the people of Alaska. I am very sympathetic to the economic  and humanitarian situation that prompts this effort, the Alaska Tourism  Recovery Act.   But I must say that the cruise line industry has a very  inconsistent--that is a nice way of putting it--and deeply inadequate  record on consumer protection and worker safety. We worked out a number  of amendments that are incorporated into this measure. They are basic  protections during the pandemic and a negotiated compromise, and I  thank my colleagues from Alaska for doing it in a way that really is a  win-win for everyone, and that is the measure that is before us now.   So I will offer no objection. I understand that our colleague Senator  Lee has an objection--I am not sure what they are at this point, but if  he does, I look forward to working over the recess with my Alaska  colleagues to see if we can reach agreement with Senator Lee and  resolve his objection.    Madam President, I just want to make clear after  Senator Lee's statement, No. 1, that I appreciate my colleagues from  Alaska being as cooperative as they have been.   These issues are a matter of vital consumer protection and worker  safety. We are talking here about defibrillators and a requirement that  there be certain minimum numbers on these ships. We are talking about  bodies, tragically, having to be returned if there is a death on one of  these ships. We are talking about some rights for consumers that the  industry itself has approved and that we are just incorporating into  this amendment and enabling the Department of Transportation to  enforce. So I want to make clear that these are reasonable and, in  fact, in my view, very minimal protections--a first-step, another step.   I appreciate the agreement that we have been able to reach with our  colleagues from Alaska on them, and I am disappointed that our  colleague from Utah has objected. But I will do my best to work with  them in trying to resolve Senator Lee's objection.   