 Madam President, I want to start by thanking Senator  Ernst for once again setting up the Government Sunshine Week event and  for her commitment, as was just discussed by my colleague from Florida,  to ensuring taxpayers know where their money is going. This includes  the $150 billion that the U.S. Government distributes every year in  taxpayer funds for research grants. More transparency will help ensure  that research isn't stolen by China and other countries.   In 2019, as the then-chairman of the Permanent Subcommittee on  Investigations, or PSI, I led a bipartisan investigation with then- ranking-member Senator Tom Carper into China's theft of U.S.  intellectual property and U.S. research at our research institutions  and college campuses.   As many of you know, China has made no secret of its goal to surpass  the United States as the world leader in scientific research. This has  become even clearer, by the way, during the COVID-19 pandemic, as China  has attempted to get information in the United States to help produce  their own vaccines to rival ours. But what most don't know is that  China has been using our taxpayer-funded research enterprise here in  the United States to accomplish this long-term goal. China uses talent  recruitment programs--most notably its Thousand Talents Plan--to  recruit researchers at American universities and research institutions  using taxpayer-funded grants to do the same research at shadow labs in  China or transfer taxpayer-funded research back to China--research that  has been used over the past two decades to strengthen China's military  and its own economic rise.   Along the way, they have been aided by a lack of transparency in our  Federal grant-making process that has allowed researchers to receive  taxpayer funding without disclosing their ties to foreign governments.  What is worse, Federal law enforcement officials at the FBI knew about  this for years and admitted at our PSI hearing last Congress: ``We wish  we had taken more rapid and comprehensive action in the past.'' I wish  they had.   I am pleased the Trump administration chose to follow through on  their promise to do better in this regard. Since our report,  prosecutors have charged at least 13 researchers here in the United  States for failing to disclose their ties to the Chinese Government and  Chinese Communist Party--researchers at prestigious institutions like  Harvard and the Ohio State University. Many of our colleges and  universities around the country have been part of this.   The Biden administration must stand by the promises made on the  campaign trail to keep the pressure on China, and that includes on this  issue. We can also help here in Congress by shining a light on the  grant-making process and passing laws to help us keep track and protect  these important investments in our research.   In the coming weeks, I will be reintroducing bipartisan legislation  called the Safeguarding American Innovation Act, which uses the key  findings from our bipartisan PSI investigation and report to protect  the research enterprise--in part, through more transparency.   First, our bill creates a cross-governmental council at the Office of  Management and Budget to coordinate and streamline unauthorized access  and grant-making processes between Federal Agencies so that there is  greater transparency in where the money is going and how it is being  used.   Second, the Safeguarding American Innovation Act makes it illegal to  lie on a grant application about ties to  [[Page S1590]]  foreign governments like China. Transparency here will make it clear  that researchers are liable for attempting to mislead the government  when trying to receive taxpayer funds.   Third, our legislation closes loopholes exploited by China and other  foreign actors and empowers the State Department to deny visas to  foreign researchers aiming to steal U.S. intellectual property and  research.   Fourth, the Safeguarding American Innovation Act requires research  institutions and universities to safeguard against unauthorized access  to sensitive technology and to be transparent with the State Department  about what technologies a foreign researcher will have access to on  campus.   Finally, the act requires transparency from our colleges and  universities as to what money they are getting from foreign sources.  They will have to report any foreign gift of $50,000 or more, and it  empowers the Department of Education to fine universities that  repeatedly fail to disclose these gifts. Current law requires  reporting, but at $250,000. We found that nearly 70 percent of U.S.  universities consistently failed to do even that. Lowering the  threshold increases transparency, and adding the penalty ensures the  schools will report.   The American Council on Education has supported our PSI report's  recommendation that research institutions should establish a ``know  your collaborator'' culture.   Greater transparency in our Federal grant-making process, great  transparency from our research institutions and universities--these are  the steps we need to take to ensure that there is proper accountability  in place for the $150 billion that taxpayers entrust with the  government for federally funded research every year, while still  keeping our fundamental research open and collaborative.   The Safeguarding American Innovation Act will shine a light on the  Federal grant-making processes and allow us to maintain our world-class  lead in innovations, while protecting our investments from foreign  theft.   Again, I want to thank my colleague Senator Ernst, in particular, for  this event today to talk about transparency, and I urge my colleagues  to support this important legislation that will provide long overdue  transparency in our federally funded research enterprise.   