 Madam President, let me thank Senator Durbin for his  leadership in so many areas, including the understanding, as he just  indicated, that the time is long overdue for comprehensive immigration  reform and a path toward citizenship for millions of undocumented  workers and families in this country. Thank you very much, Senator  Durbin.   As a former mayor, I do understand how important physical  infrastructure is--roads, bridges, water systems, wastewater plants-- and I am delighted that finally we are beginning to address our long  neglected physical infrastructure. Frankly, it is rather incredible  that, year after year, we ignore crumbling bridges and roads. And as we  address our physical infrastructure, we can create a whole lot of good- paying jobs.   So that bill that we are discussing right now is enormously  important. I will tell you what is even more important, and that is to  address the long neglected needs of the working families of our  country, of the children, of the elderly, of the sick, of the poor,  whether they are Black or White or Latino, Native American, Asian  American. These are needs that Congress has ignored for much, much too  long.   Now, I understand that Senator McConnell, the Republican leader, and  others are really shocked by this bill. They cannot believe it.  Imagine--just imagine--that the U.S. Senate is addressing the needs of  working families and is going to stand up for ordinary Americans rather  than just the wealthy and powerful? What is this world coming to? Don't  we understand that here in the Senate we are supposed to take campaign  contributions from the drug companies and the insurance companies and  the fossil fuel industry and from the 1 percent and do their bidding?  Isn't that the way it has always been done here in the U.S. Senate?   Well, Senator McConnell, things are changing. For once in a very long  time, the U.S. Congress is going to stand with working families and not  just the rich and the powerful.   Further, above and beyond the economic crisis facing working  families, Congress has ignored the great existential threat of our  time, and that is climate change. You don't have to believe me. Maybe  some of my Republican colleagues might want to take a look at the IPCC  report, which came out today, which said that if we do not act boldly  and immediately all over this planet, the world that we will be leaving  our children and grandchildren will be increasingly unhealthy and  uninhabitable.   But you don't have to just read the IPCC report. Open up your eyes.  Look at what is going on in California, the fires in Oregon, the fires  in Greece, and the drought that is impacting countries all over the  world, which will mean a decrease in food production and water supply.   We have to act now in order to save the planet. There is no choice.  We cannot go home and look our children and grandchildren in the eye if  we do not act now and lead the world. We can't  [[Page S6067]]  do it alone. We are going to have to work with China and India and  Europe, but we cannot continue to ignore this existential threat.   The gap between the very, very rich and everybody else is wider today  than it has been in 100 years. People on top are doing phenomenally  well. In fact, we have two people in America today who own more wealth  than the bottom 40 percent. The top 1 percent owns more wealth than the  bottom 92 percent, and since 2009--the Wall Street collapse--45 percent  of all new income has gone to the top 1 percent.   And, incredibly, during the pandemic that we are experiencing now,  billionaires in America have seen their wealth increase by $1.8  trillion during this pandemic, while at the same time, thousands of  essential workers died providing the goods and services we needed.   Billionaires become richer. Ordinary people have to go to work-- public transit, grocery stores, hospitals--and thousands die. While  some of our multi-multibillionaires are spending some of their enormous  amounts of money flying off into outer space, today and in the coming  days we are going to address the crises facing working families right  here on the ground, on planet Earth.   And that is why, as chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, I am  proud to introduce a $3.5 trillion budget resolution that we will soon  be considering--I expect tomorrow.   This is a budget resolution that will allow the Senate to move  forward on a reconciliation bill that, in my view, will be the most  consequential and comprehensive piece of legislation for working  people, for the elderly, for the children, for the sick, and for the  poor, that this body has addressed since Franklin Delano Roosevelt, the  New Deal, in the 1930s.   This is a budget resolution that will address the needs of working  families because we understand, if our Republican colleagues do not,  that there is something fundamentally wrong when real inflation  accounted-for wages for working people has not gone up for almost 50  years.   We have seen in recent years, as everybody knows, an explosion in  technology, an explosion in worker productivity. And yet, in real  inflation accounted-for dollars, where the very, very rich become much  richer, real inflation accounted-for wages for workers has not gone up  in almost 50 years.   What does that mean?   It means the cost of healthcare has soared. The cost of education has  soared. The cost of housing has soared. And yet real workers, real  working families of this country are earning in real dollars the same  wages that they did decades ago, which means that many of them are  struggling right now to keep their heads above water economically.   In the richest country in the history of the world, half of our  people should not be living paycheck to paycheck, worried about how  they are going to pay their rent or provide food for their kids.   This legislation, in so many ways, begins to address the working  families of our country. But one important way--maybe the most  important--is, as we address the needs of our people in healthcare, in  education, in climate, we are going to create many millions of good- paying--good-paying--jobs that the American people desperately need.   I want to say a few words today about the budget resolution that we  are introducing and what is going to be in the reconciliation package  that we will soon be undertaking.   For a start, one of the questions that everybody is going to ask is:  Well, how is this going to be paid for? Expensive bill, $3\1/2\  trillion. You know, that is a lot of money.   It is.   Well, I happen to think, and I know that you do as well--I say to the  Presiding Officer that maybe, just maybe, the time is now for the  wealthiest people in this country and the largest corporations who are  doing phenomenally well, but in a given year, many of them have not  paid a nickel in Federal income tax--ah, the average Joe, the average  Mary out there, they are working. They are paying their fair share of  taxes. But if you are an Amazon, if you are a Jeff Bezos, if you are  one of these multibillionaires, you have lobbyists, you have  accountants, you have lawyers, and you can avoid paying your fair share  of taxes.   So what some of us are saying is that maybe, just maybe, even if you  are a billionaire, even if you are a large, profitable corporation with  all kinds of lobbyists and accountants, maybe you should start paying  your fair share of taxes.   My Republican friends say we are going to be raising taxes. Well, you  are right, we are. But we are going to be raising taxes on the  wealthiest people in this country--something which is long overdue--and  yet nobody in America earning less than $400,000 a year will pay a  nickel in taxes, and many, many, will actually be paying less in taxes.   So my Republican friends can complain all that they want, but I do  believe, and the American people do believe, that the time is now for  the wealthy, the powerful, the large, profitable corporations to start  paying their fair share so that, in fact, we can lower taxes for  working families in this country.   I think the American people have already begun to see what good  public policy for working families can mean. In Vermont, in  Massachusetts, and all over this country, working families--the vast  majority of our families--are now receiving a $300-per-month check per  child, and this is long, long overdue.   Some say this is a radical idea. It is not. It is exactly what  countries all over the world do because they understand, and we  understand, how difficult it is today for working families to raise  children.   And I am enormously proud of the fact--and everybody in this Chamber  should be proud of the fact--that at a time when the United States has  one of the highest rates of childhood poverty of any major country on  Earth, as a result of the work in the American Rescue Plan, which must  be extended in the reconciliation bill, we have reduced childhood  poverty in America by 61 percent--61 percent--because we are now  getting the resources out to moms and dads that they need in order to  adequately and decently raise their kids.   You know, I hear a lot of talk about how we love our kids or the  future of our country. Well, if we love our kids, we have to love their  parents as well, and we have to make it easier for parents to raise  their kids.   But it is not just the child tax credit. I suspect that there are  very few people in this country who do not understand how dysfunctional  our childcare system is. We are not living in the 1950s, where dad goes  out to work and mom stays home with the kids. That is not the case  anymore. It has not been the case for a very long time. Dad is out  working and mom is out working because families all across this country  need two breadwinners in order to pay the bills.   While mom is working and dad is working, who is taking care of the  kids?   And that is, in fact, a major, major crisis in this country, and the  current system just is not working.    In my State, the State of Vermont, it costs $15,000 a year, which is  about the national average, to send your child into childcare.   What does that mean?   It means that if you are making $60,000 a year, you are spending a  quarter of your income just to make sure that your child is well taken  care of while you go to work. If you have two kids, forget about it. It  doesn't pay to go to work because you are spending so much on  childcare. Everybody understands that. That is not a debate.   So the time is long overdue not only to protect the needs of working  families, but also to provide well for our children.   Psychologists after psychologists have told us that the most  important years of human development are 0 through 4. And yet so many  of our kids all over this country--little kids--are sitting in front of  TV sets, not getting the kind of nurturing, emotionally and  intellectually, that they need. This legislation begins to change that.   Under our proposal, no working family in this country should be  paying more than 7 percent of their income for childcare.   Working parents, do you hear what I just said? No more than 7  percent--not 30 percent, not 25 percent.  [[Page S6068]]    That is what we should be doing.   And we have so much work to do in childcare. I know the Presiding  Officer understands that. We got to build new facilities for kids  because once we open the door for affordable childcare, the truth is we  don't have enough space to accommodate the children.   And we have got to start paying childcare workers the wages they are  due for the enormously important work they are providing. We got  childcare workers in America today making less than McDonald's workers.  What an insult. How wrong is that?   So this legislation is going to provide increased subsidies for  working families to afford childcare. We are going to pay workers in  childcare living wages and benefits, and we are going to build the new  facilities that we need to accommodate the families who will now have  the opportunity to take advantage of childcare.   But in terms of our children, who we have ignored for so, so long, we  are going to do even more than that. We are going to make pre-K  education for 3- and 4-year-olds free. God didn't create an education  system that begins in kindergarten. It is created by human beings, and  the world has changed. And what we have got to understand now, with so  many of our parents working, that we have got to make pre-K education  for 3- and 4-year-olds free, and that is what we do in this  legislation.   And, by the way, not widely reported, but when we revolutionize  childcare and pre-K so that moms and dads know that their kids are in  quality and affordable facilities, we are going to see more than a  million women able to go into the workforce because they no longer have  to stay home to take care of the kids. If they want to work, we will  give them the opportunity to pursue their careers.   The Presiding Officer knows, and I know, that there is something a  little bit absurd that the United States of America is literally one of  two nations in the entire world--and I am talking about poor nations-- that does not guarantee paid family and medical leave.   What does that mean?   What it means: That there are workers today who are at work when they  are sick. Maybe they are spreading the virus or some other illness.  There are working families who have to make a choice: Does mom go to  work and leave her sick child at home alone, or does she stay home and  maybe lose her job?   I have talked--and I am sure the Presiding Officer has spoken--to  women who gave birth to a baby and a week later--a week later--was  forced to go back to work because they had no income coming in.   I know this may shock some of my Republican colleagues, but there are  countries all over this world that understand that it is enormously  important that parents be able to bond with their babies. And in  countries around the world, women get 4 months, 5 months, 8 months off  with full pay or with a significant part of their paycheck in order to  stay home with their newborn babies.   So, finally, finally, we are beginning--beginning; more to do;  beginning--to end the international embarrassment of the United States  being the only major country on Earth not to guarantee paid family and  medical leave.   I know the Presiding Officer has been involved in this issue--I have  and a number of my colleagues have--in the understanding that in the  contemporary global economy, if our young people are going to go out  and get decent-paying jobs, a shock of all shocks, they actually need  to have the skills and the education in order to perform those jobs.   So you have a situation now where there are jobs all over this  country that are lying vacant, not being taken, because people don't  have the skills.   Now, I personally believe we should do what other countries are doing  and we should make all public colleges and universities tuition-free  and should forgive all student debt. That is not in this bill.   But what is in this bill is a beginning--a beginning--and that says  that we will make community colleges in this country tuition-free.   Now, what does that mean?   It means a couple of things. It means that if I go to community  college, I can learn a skill--whether it is nursing, whether it is  construction trades, whatever it may be. I can learn the skills that I  need to go out and get a job that pays me a living wage.   And that is enormously important because--especially as we rebuild  this country--as we begin to pay attention to healthcare and to  childcare and to taking care of our parents and the disabled people, we  need skilled workers, and making community colleges tuition-free for 2  years is an important step forward in allowing people to gain those  skills.   But, also, for those people who want to go to a 4-year college, those  2 years of community college credits are transferrable. So your tuition  is paid for the first 2 years. My hope is that we will soon be able to  pay for the next 2 years as well, but this is a real start in allowing  millions of young people to get an education today that previously they  could not afford.   Two blocks away from where we are in the Nation's capital there is an  encampment of homeless people. All over this city, you can't drive down  the Nation's capital and not see people sleeping out on the street, and  that is true in virtually every major city in America. Once again, the  richest country in the history of the world, and some 600,000 Americans  are homeless.   Then, on top of that, you have got about 18 million households where  people are spending 50 percent or more of their limited incomes to put  a roof over their heads.   Now, how do you survive economically if you are spending 50 percent  of your income on housing?   This legislation will create a huge number of good-paying jobs by the  largest investment in American history in low-income and affordable  housing. And I see the chairman of the Banking Committee here, and I  want to thank Senator Brown for his important work in that area.   Just a few days ago, I had a chat with a gentleman whose wife is  seriously ill. He works and he pays for the home healthcare that she  needs, and it is an expensive proposition.   What we understand is that, in an aging society and at a time when we  have so many people with disabilities whose needs are not being met, it  makes eminent sense to bring skilled home-healthcare workers into the  home rather than to force people to go into a nursing home, which, by  the way, is more expensive. And this legislation, the reconciliation  bill that we will soon be working on, will make historic investments in  home healthcare and make sure that those workers--like childcare  workers, who do such important work--are adequately compensated.   IPCC today reported what all of us know, and that is, if we do not  begin in an extremely aggressive way transforming our energy system  away from fossil fuel, the planet that we will be leaving our children  will be increasingly unhealthy.   It really does take your breath away to look at those photos--whether  it is Oregon, whether it is California, whether it is Greece right  now--and see flames consuming entire communities.   And if anybody out there thinks that, gee, isn't this too bad that it  is happening this year, you have got it wrong. It is only going to get  worse if we do not act and act boldly, which is why this legislation  will pour hundreds of billions of dollars into the fight to transform  our energy system away from fossil fuel, including a civilian Climate  Corps, which will give the young people of this country the opportunity  to roll up their sleeves, get decent pay, and get educational benefits  in order to do what is so much in their hearts, and that is to combat  climate change.   I wish that I could tell you that my Republican colleagues understand  the crises facing working families and that they understand the moral  imperative of us having to address climate change and that we are  working together to do, in fact, what the American people want: create  millions of good-paying jobs, addressing the needs of working families  and climate change.   I wish I could tell you that, but I can't. As we go forward, in all  likelihood, we will not get one Republican vote. We are going to have  to do it on our own with 50 Democratic votes here in the Senate, plus  the Vice President of the United States.   Now, some of my Republican friends will say: Well, that is such a bad  idea.  [[Page S6069]]  Why aren't you more bipartisan in terms of reconciliation?   Well, I would remind my Republican colleagues that they didn't have a  problem with reconciliation when they gave almost $2 trillion in tax  breaks to the very richest people in this country and the largest  corporations. No problem doing that. They didn't have a problem with  reconciliation when they tried to throw 30 million people off of the  healthcare they had by abolishing the Affordable Care Act.   So that is where we are. We are facing a crisis facing working  families. We need to create millions of good-paying jobs. We need to  tackle the existential threat of climate change. We need to expand  healthcare and Medicare so that elderly people have dental care,  eyeglasses, and hearing aids. We need to lower the cost of prescription  drugs and have Medicare negotiate prices with the pharmaceutical  industry. We need to make sure that we get doctors and nurses and  dentists into underserved areas.   So, Madam President, tomorrow begins one of the very important  debates that we have ever had. And the question is not complicated. Do  we have the courage to stand up to powerful special interests and tell  the corporate world and the 1 percent: Yeah, you are finally going to  have to pay your fair share of taxes so that we can create millions of  good-paying jobs for working families, so we can protect our children,  protect the elderly, and address the threat of climate change?   That is the issue. And I have absolute confidence that we will, in  fact, rise to the occasion and do what the American people want and  that we will pass the budget resolution tomorrow   With that, Madam President, I yield the floor.    Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, as I understand it, the Senator from  Alabama is interested in increasing military spending by some $50  billion.   You know, there is a headline in the New York Times today. It doesn't  talk about the fact that the United States now spends more than the  next 10 nations on the military. It doesn't talk about the fact that  the Pentagon is the only major Agency of government that has not  submitted successfully to an independent audit. It doesn't talk about  the fact of huge profits among defense contractors.   What it does talk about is that a hotter future is now inevitable, a  U.N. report says. Scientists urge immediate switch from fossil fuels to  avert greater peril.   So I would say to my friend from Alabama, if we are going to invest  $50 billion, let us, in fact, invest in transforming our energy system  so that we can save this planet for future generations and prevent the  kind of unhealthy deterioration that we will inevitably see if we do  not act.   So, Mr. President, I object.   