 Mr. President, the American people should have full faith  in our election system, which is why I led the passage of voter ID  legislation in North Carolina and why I supported President Trump's  right to call for recounts and bring challenges to the courts. I share  the concerns of many Americans regarding the lack of security of  widespread mail-in voting and the partisan actions of activist  Democratic lawyers who succeeded in making questionable changes to the  voting process while Americans were already casting their ballots. Even  if it wasn't enough to change the outcome of the election,  irregularities and fraud are never acceptable, and they should be  investigated and prosecuted when appropriate.   The Framers of our Constitution made it clear that the power to  certify elections is reserved to the States, not Congress. Refusing to  certify State election results has no viable path to success, and, most  importantly, it lends legitimacy to the left's stated policy objective  of completely federalizing elections and eliminating the electoral  college. Congress should not overstep its constitutional authority by  overturning the results of States and the will of American voters,  especially absent legitimate requests from States for Congress to  intervene.   It is a precedent we should not set, and Nancy Pelosi and Chuck  Schumer should not have the power to set aside electors after the 2024  election and overrule Federal courts and the Constitution as they see  fit.   I was proud to support President Trump's agenda and campaign with  him, and I am deeply disappointed he was not reelected despite his  success in creating jobs, cutting taxes, securing a conservative  judiciary, reforming the VA, and rebuilding our military. Although I  certainly wish the results were different, Congress cannot change them  without inflicting irreparable damage to our constitutional Republic. I  will not oppose the certification of the electoral college votes, and I  will not embolden politicians in the future to appoint our Presidents  instead of having the American people duly elect them.   