 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, we are working today in the shadow  of a truly hideous, horrific series of murders that occurred yesterday  in Atlanta, GA, and I want to start by expressing my sympathies to the  families that are affected, families of innocent women who were gunned  down heinously by a murderer there. Eight lives were taken by that  gunman, six of them Asian women.   There is an active, ongoing investigation, and I have no intention of  prejudging the outcome. Justice must be done, and I have confidence in  the law enforcement authorities of Atlanta that they will assure that  justice is done.   So we don't know for sure what the gunman's motivation was, but we  know eight of the women were Asian, and we know for sure that this  horrific shooting rampage is only the latest egregious incident in a  sickening, despicable trend of anti-Asian-American, or AAPI, violence  that has terrorized the Asian-American community over recent months.   And we know many of these incidents were, in fact, hate crimes  motivated by  [[Page S1608]]  bias, bigotry, and prejudice. Now, hate-motivated violence, as Attorney  Garland said at his confirmation hearing, ``tear[s] at the fabric of  our society . . . make[s] our citizens worried about walking [on] the  streets and exercising even the most normal rights.''   And he is absolutely correct. It tears at our society. It degrades  our trust in each other and in the fairness of America and the  survivability of values and rights that are central to our democracy.   The increase in violence against Asian Americans must end, and we all  know it. We all say it, but we must do it. In Congress, we must do  everything in our power to provide law enforcement and prosecutors with  the resources and the tools they need to overcome it, to successfully  fight it, which they can do. And they need the will and determination  to wield the tools and resources that we give them because they have to  not only investigate, as they will this gunman, but also to effectively  prosecute and assure just punishment.   We don't know for sure the motivation. We have evidence. And we can't  say for sure how many hate crimes there have been against Asian  Americans or others in our great country, but we have a pretty good  idea where it all came from.   The rise in anti-Asian-American violence started with the previous  administration, who failed to address and manage the COVID-19 pandemic,  and rather than listen to the scientists and work to stop its spread,  it sought to scapegoat a part of our country. It sought to scapegoat  Asian Americans with xenophobic and hate-filled rhetoric.   Words have consequences. We all say it. We all know it. And we must  denounce the words that spur and spew hatred and cause or contribute to  hate crimes. Hate crimes are a growing scourge. The numbers are  surging, whether it is against Asian Americans, Muslim Americans,  Jewish Americans, Black Americans. When it is against Americans, it is  against America. Words do have consequences.   Stop AAPI Hate, which tracks violence and harassment against the AAPI  community, Asian Americans, received more than 1,100 reports of COVID- related harassment, discrimination, and assault in its first two  operational weeks last March. And now it has recorded more than 3,800  incidents since the start of the pandemic--3,800 incidents of  harassment, discrimination, and sometimes physical assault--spurred and  encouraged and condoned by public officials who used that hate-filled  rhetoric to cover their own failures in dealing with the pandemic.   As the investigators and prosecutors go forward, we will learn more,  and we need to let them do their jobs. But that doesn't mean we should  remain silent, nor does it give us an excuse to be inert. We need to  denounce that kind of rhetoric. We need to take action.   I have proposed a measure called the NO HATE Act, which would provide  more training for investigators and more resources for hotlines because  these hate crimes are typically and repeatedly unreported, and it would  provide more incentives for reporting and new penalties--or encourage  the imposition of penalties--that truly fit the crime.   Hate crimes are corrosive to our social fabric. They corrupt the  pillars of our society, and their effect is unmistakable.   They traumatize and terrorize the communities that are their  targets--in this case, Asian Americans, who have become more and more  fearful as these incidents have multiplied. We all have a part to do in  stopping this scourge. And we know that it is rampant, in part, because  of the White supremacists and domestic terrorism and violent extremism  that showed its ugly face in this Chamber earlier this year. It showed  its brutal, cruel force in this building.   It is the same virus and cancer that is metastasizing in this country  today. And its visible forms are the assaults, harassment, and  discrimination that may well have been reflected in those murders  yesterday.   I hope the NO HATE Act passes, but it won't be for a while. I hope we  can take other action, but it will take time. And in the meantime, we  can all take it as a moral imperative as our duty to denounce--not  condoned by our silence--these groups and their extremist ideologies in  White supremacists that perpetuate and expand the virus and cancer of  hate crimes and hatred. Hate speech--fighting words--incitement in our  society.   