 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for hosting this  tonight.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate National Police Week.   I recognize the dedication of law enforcement officers on the thin  blue line, and condemn calls to disband, dismantle, defund, or abolish  the police.   No one dislikes bad police officers more than good police officers.  Too often, we are quick to share the negative examples of law  enforcement while failing to recognize excellent examples in our  communities.    Today, I will share a story about an officer in my district and one  of the finest law enforcement officers in Kansas: Michael Utz.   Chief Utz began his career with the Garden City Police Department in  1984. Over the next 36 years, he tirelessly served as a detective,  sergeant, lieutenant, captain, and ultimately chief of police.   As police chief, Chief Utz led the department through the  implementation of a citywide strategic plan, including the development  of the Law Enforcement Explorer Program for students interested in  pursuing law enforcement as a career; the Police Chaplain Program for  hurting families; the PEER Support Program for police officers  experiencing traumatic events; the Finney County Opioid Task Force; and  the Ethnic Empowerment Network.   Also during his tenure, Chief Utz encouraged authentic relationships,  and he especially worked to build two-way relationships with racial and  ethnic minorities. These relationships proved to be vital after the  2016 terrorist bomb plot targeting a Garden City apartment complex.   When the FBI reached out to Chief Utz about the bomb plot, he knew  just what to do. He worked with the president of the East African  Community Center to convene a meeting with people in the community to  discuss the incident before it even hit the news. Once the news broke  about the foiled attack, Chief Utz made it his personal mission to work  alongside impacted families and protect them from further danger.   In March, Mike retired with more than 36 years in law enforcement,  and Courtney Prewitt was sworn in as the Garden City chief of police.   I am honored to recognize Chief Utz and his family for their service  to our local communities, and to congratulate Courtney on his new role,  and to celebrate good law enforcement officers across the First  District of Kansas and around the country who put on a uniform every  day and promise to protect and serve.   In their honor, I cosponsored several pieces of pro-law enforcement  legislation, including a resolution condemning calls to defund the  police; the  [[Page H2257]]  Protect and Serve Act, which enhances penalties to anyone targeting and  attacking law enforcement officers; the David Dorn Back the Blue Act,  which supports State and local police departments; and a resolution  designating this week as National Police Week.   America must stand with and stand for our law enforcement officers.  Happy National Police Week.   