 Thank you. I want to thank the good efforts of the Senators  who have led the work in finding a compromise in this regard,  particularly Senator Toomey and Senator Lummis, who have worked very,  very hard on this issue.   You know, Bismarck said many years ago that there are two things you  don't want to see being made--sausage and legislation. And when it  comes to particularly ugly legislation, this component--the regulation  of cryptocurrency--may take the prize for the ugliest we have seen.   Moments from now, I expect that we are going to see objections to  this compromise amendment that was negotiated. If we do in fact see  objections and if the underlying language in this bill goes into  effect, it will have devastating effects.   There is a new and exciting industry, in the United States, of  cryptocurrency, whether Bitcoin or otherwise, that is generating jobs,  entrepreneurs who are creating new values, new hedges against  inflation, new opportunities, and it is fast moving. It is dynamic.   And this infrastructure bill--a bill being sold to the American  people as ``let's build some roads and bridges''--has one little  portion in there designed to obliterate cryptocurrency.   Now, I fully understand that there are some bureaucrats at the  Treasury Department that have never seen anything they don't want to  regulate the life out of. But if the underlying language in this so- called infrastructure bill becomes law, we will be destroying billions  of dollars' worth of industry in the United States. We will be  destroying jobs in the United States--many of those jobs are in my home  State of Texas--and we will be sending them overseas.   Listen. It isn't complicated. Cryptocurrency isn't tied to any  particular piece of dirt. So the grand efforts of the U.S. Senate will  be to say: We don't want those jobs in America. We don't want those  resources in America. Go somewhere else.   The ugly truth, which Bismarck understood and which is particularly  true on cryptocurrency, is that there aren't five Senators in this body  with any real understanding of how cryptocurrency operates. We have had  no hearings on this. The Senate has had no hearings on this. The House,  as far as I know, has had no hearings on this. And yet this body is  prepared to obliterate an industry willy-nilly or, for that matter, the  compromise--and, listen, the compromise that was put forward would be a  meaningful improvement, would do much, much less damage, but even the  compromise would essentially kick the can down the road and allow  bureaucrats at Treasury to do massive damage. And the bureaucrats at  Treasury don't understand this any better than does the U.S. Senate.   The right outcome, I think, is an amendment I introduced--strike the  whole damn thing. If we want to legislate on this, actually do our  jobs, be a deliberative body, hold hearings, listen to witnesses,  understand the consequences, know what we are doing. That would be the  reasonable, rational thing to do. Don't just put out a rule of massive  taxes and regulations with no understanding of the consequences and  jobs and real people who would be hurt.   For whatever reason, the Senate doesn't seem to want to behave  reasonably or rationally, and I think the consequences are going to be  longstanding of this foolish legislation.   I think Senator Toomey and Senator Lummis have worked hard on a  compromise to brunt the worst aspects of this legislation, and so I  hope the proposal they have put forward--or are about to put forward-- is adopted. But if it is not, I am going to predict that every one of  the 100 Senators here is going to come to regret that this body took a  part in destroying jobs and a budding industry that will provide  billions of dollars of new opportunity. And if the Senate keeps on this  course, we are going to send it instead overseas to our competitors.  That would be a tragic mistake.   Thank you.    Mr. President, unfortunately, we just saw the Senator from  Vermont object to a compromise solution negotiated by Senator Toomey  and Senator Lummis that would have mitigated some of the harm from the  devastating new regulations on cryptocurrency in this so-called  infrastructure bill. Because the Senator from Vermont raised that  objection, the status quo right now is that these new regulations are  going into effect, and billions of dollars of value are going to be  destroyed.   Right now, today, about 106 million people are using cryptocurrencies  around the world according to at least one recent report. The average  annual income in the United States for a blockchain developer is  $136,000. That represents a steady career of good income for someone to  own a home, to raise a family, to live a good and comfortable life.  Texas is helping lead the way. Texas has taken the lead this past year  as a major hub for cryptocurrency businesses and is even being hailed  as the ``cryptocurrency capital.'' But all of this is under threat.   Regulatory uncertainty is the No. 1 barrier to blockchain adoption  according to 48 percent of respondents in a recent report, and they are  right to be worried. The current bill widens the definition of  ``broker,'' those who would have to collect information on  cryptocurrency consumers and report this information to the IRS. It  would force every single participant in the cryptocurrency structure to  operate as a financial institution, which would mean they would have to  provide consumer information to the IRS even if they don't have access  to that information. This overly broad definition of the word  ``broker'' will block rapid innovation in cryptocurrency, and it will  endanger the privacy of millions of Americans in cryptocurrency.   This is wrong, so I applaud my colleagues for trying to find an  incremental approach. Unfortunately, because the Senator from Vermont  objected, that incremental approach hasn't been adopted.   So let's exercise a brief shining moment of common sense, and let's  recognize that if we gathered all 100 Senators in this Chamber and  asked them to stand up and articulate two sentences defining what in  the hell a cryptocurrency is, that you would not get greater than 5 who  could answer that question.   Given that reality, the barest exercise of prudence would say we  shouldn't regulate something we don't yet understand. We should  actually take the time to try to understand it. We should hold some  hearings. We should consider the consequences. We shouldn't destroy  people's lives and livelihoods from complete ignorance.   My amendment is very simple. It doesn't add anything to this bill; it  just strikes these provisions. It says: Look, let's not do this until  we know what we are talking about. Let's be cautious. Let's be  reasonable. Let's not be the No. 1 economic developer for the Communist  Party of China by sending cryptocurrencies overseas to our competitors  because we have made it impossible for them to succeed here.   Accordingly, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding adoption of substitute amendment No. 2137, that the  Cruz Amendment No. 2466 be agreed to    Reserving the right to modify my request, I would share  with the Senator from Alabama that I have the deepest respect for the  leadership of the Senator from Alabama, that I understand the Senator  from Alabama  [[Page S6086]]  has a profound commitment for the fighting men and women of our  military, as do I; that the Senator from Alabama's commitment to invest  in our military and military infrastructure is laudable, and I fully  support that commitment. Indeed, I would commit to the Senator from  Alabama that I am more than ready and eager to partner with him to  press through in this body, through any avenue that is available,  investing sufficient funds in our military, in our soldiers and sailors  and airmen and marines, and in the weaponry they need to defend this  Nation.   But, sadly, we know in this context that our Democratic colleagues  are going to object to funding for the military. They have decided that  is not within their priorities. Even as they are spending trillions of  dollars on everything else, defending this Nation is not a priority for  the Democratic Members of this conference. So, if your amendment is  added to my amendment, the effect will be what we just saw a moment  ago, which is a Democratic Senator standing up and objecting and  claiming the reason for objecting is they don't want to fund the  military anymore.   I believe it is in the interest in this body to have a clean vote on,  do we destroy cryptocurrencies, yes or no, without any other issues,  because as much as I would like to join the Senator from Alabama in  investing more in the military--and I am committed to working with him  in doing so--I also don't believe we should be destroying jobs and  millions of dollars of value in this country. Accordingly, I do not so  modify my request   