 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, the  Guidance Clarity Act.   The Federal Government produces hundreds of rules, regulations, and  laws every year. Without the help of legal teams and consultants,  individuals and small businesses cannot possibly keep up with  everything that is coming out of Washington.   The purpose of guidance is to assist those Americans in understanding  rules and regulations and give them suggestions on how to adhere to  them.   Guidance is not approved by Congress, nor does it go through the  Federal rulemaking process which allows for public input and legal  scrutiny of agency actions. Guidance is not backed up by law, nor is it  enforceable by law enforcement. It is, quite simply, a suggestion.   Unfortunately, in past years, many regulators have threatened  punitive action against businesses for not following guidance. That is  unacceptable, and quite frankly, it is illegal.   To be clear, I am not talking about businesses breaking the law or  ignoring Federal regulations. Guidance documents are meant to clarify  or to inform the public about policy topics and are not legally  binding. Small businesses deserve clarity on what documents are legally  binding and should not be punished for deviating from guidance  documents.    Regulators have no legal authority to enforce guidance, and any  attempt to do so is an egregious abuse of power.   On top of that, with thousands of guidance documents being produced,  instead of achieving their intended goal--which is to provide clarity-- they are causing even more confusion.   With some regulators enforcing guidance while others do not, small  businesses and entrepreneurs are driven deeper into the regulatory maze  of the Federal Government.   My bill is a very simple fix to that confusion. The Guidance Clarity  Act  [[Page H5691]]  ensures the first page of guidance documents includes the plain  language statement declaring that guidance is not law, nor can it  legally be enforced as law.   This small but critical statement clarifies for citizens and  regulators on the ground that guidance is meant to be helpful; a  suggestion that can be put in place or completely ignored. It will help  regulators do their jobs more efficiently and small businesses, who  lack the resources to employ teams of lawyers, continue to create jobs  and grow the economy.   I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will agree that  American small businesses have enough to worry about. They are working  hard to keep their employees paid and their customers happy. They don't  have time to worry about keeping track of and abiding by agency  suggestions that were never meant to be anything more than just that.   I thank Chairwoman Maloney, Ranking Member Comer, and the gentleman  from Kansas (Mr. LaTurner) for their leadership in supporting the bill  and bringing it to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote in favor of the  Guidance Clarity Act.   