 Mr. President, well, I want to thank my colleague from  West Virginia, Senator Capito, for clearly laying out her concerns with  this COVID package.   I think about where we were a year ago. We were right here in this  Chamber. It was March of 2020, and we were debating, working together  in a bipartisan fashion to come up with a major--over $2 trillion-- COVID relief package.   In fact, if we look back over the course of the last 12 months,  Congress passed five bipartisan COVID-19 relief packages--five of them.  During that time, as we know, the Republicans were in the majority in  the Senate, and we believed it was very important--we were dealing with  COVID challenges in our country--that we come together in a bipartisan  way to address this horrible pandemic. It didn't stop us from working  with our colleagues across the aisle to reach a compromise in order to  get needed relief for Montanans and the American people who were  struggling because of the pandemic.   Bipartisanship--it takes work. It takes both sides coming together.  It takes a little more time as well. But for the good of Montanans and  for the good of the American people, they expect that of us here in the  Senate.   Unfortunately, what we are witnessing today is that  ``bipartisanship'' is no longer in the vocabulary of President Biden  and the Democrats. They have taken this bipartisan process that we have  had over the course of the last 12 months and they have taken it  hostage. It has become their way or the highway. Take it or leave it.  They are trying to jam through a hyperpartisan--not a bipartisan but a  hyperpartisan $1.9 trillion COVID-19 package.   We shouldn't even call this a COVID-19 relief package, and here is  why: Ninety percent of what is in it has nothing to do with the core  health needs of combating COVID-19. Nothing. This nearly $2 trillion  package is nothing more than a Pelosi payoff, a liberal wish list that  gives President Biden, Nancy Pelosi, and Chuck Schumer billions of  dollars for these partisan pet projects.   This COVID-19 relief package includes a laundry list of liberal  priorities. Now, I am not making this up. What I am about to share was  actually included in the most recently passed package of this COVID  legislation out of the U.S. House, which, by the way, passed in the wee  hours of the morning this past weekend, on Saturday, when the American  people were asleep, and it was not supported by a single Republican  Member.   By the way, contrast that to where we were a year ago. We passed a  huge COVID package here in the U.S. Senate 96 to zero. You can't get  any more bipartisan than that. Yet, when they jammed this package in  the House Saturday morning, not a single Republican supported it. In  fact, a couple Democrats opposed it.   Here is what is in that so-called relief package for COVID-19:   One hundred million dollars for Nancy Pelosi's train to nowhere. It  is a Silicon Valley underground rail project to help Big Tech. You tell  me what that has to do with COVID-19.   Three hundred fifty billion dollars to bail out blue States that had  financial problems before the pandemic. Now, Montana should not be  footing the bill to bail out States like New York, California, and  Illinois, especially when we have seen reports that States are actually  doing much better than projected when we look at revenues coming in in  2020. In fact, listen to this, California is projecting a $25 billion  surplus in 2020.   There is $50 million in this package for ``climate justice.''   There are millions in bailouts for Planned Parenthood. It also makes  Planned Parenthood eligible for taxpayer dollars through the Paycheck  Protection Program.   Now, there is $130 billion in there for schools. Now hear this: 95  percent of it won't be spent this year. In fact, 95 percent of it is  spent in years 2022 through  [[Page S979]]  2028. You tell me what that has to do with this immediate rush to get  this package passed when most of the spending is in the years out to  2028. This is ironic, as President Biden and the Democrats are bowing  to political pressure from the teachers unions to keep kids out of the  classroom.   I cannot tell you how many parents we are hearing from who want to  see the schools opened up and want to see the kids back in school, back  in the classroom.   They support opening the southern border for illegal immigrants over  opening schools for American students.   As I have laid out, President Biden, Nancy Pelosi, and Chuck  Schumer's COVID-19 package is not about COVID-19 relief at all. In  fact, the White House Chief of Staff, Ron Klain, said this: ``This is  the most progressive domestic legislation in a generation.''   I believe that. This is all about political favors for Democrats. It  is about cashing in on campaign promises, and it is outrageous. While  Democrats are trying to further their liberal agenda under the guise of  passing COVID-19 relief, we are sitting on $1 trillion of unspent,  already allocated COVID-19 relief dollars from the prior five packages.   In fact, of the last package we passed in December of $900 billion,  only about 50 percent of that--allocated dollars--is out the door.   So shoveling out almost $2 trillion--and how much is $2 trillion? The  entire annual Federal discretionary budget of the U.S. Government is  about $1.4 trillion--the entire discretionary budget.   The Democrats want to push another $2 trillion into this economy that  is poised to rebound as businesses reopen. It is deeply irresponsible.  It will needlessly cause our debt to soar to new heights and could harm  our economic recovery by sparking inflation. Its partisanship is  exceeded only by its recklessness.   The American comeback is well underway. Our economy is rebounding.  GDP is expected to grow 10 percent by the end of the first quarter.  Personal saving rates are way up--20.5 percent this past January,  compared to 7.6 percent in prepandemic January 2020. Manufacturing is  at its highest growth level since August of 2018.   Vaccines are being distributed and hospitalizations are going down.  In fact, hospitalizations are down nearly 20 percent this week versus  last week, looking across the country. In fact, more than 40 percent of  those over the age of 65 are vaccinated with at least one dose. That is  good news.   On vaccines, I want to recognize our Governor back home in Montana,  Governor Gianforte, for his outstanding leadership on getting vaccines  distributed across Montana. I also want to thank Montana's healthcare  heroes for their dedication to getting the vaccines out and keeping our  communities and our families safe.   In fact, just last week, Montana was recognized as the most efficient  State in the Nation--No. 1 out of 50--for administering vaccines  received from the Federal Government. But in Montana, we are in need of  more vaccines. That is why I joined forces with the Governor and  Congressman Rosendale, requesting them from President Biden. I am  pleased to see that it was announced just this week that Montana will  be receiving 8,000 doses of the J&J vaccine in the coming days.   Vaccines and vaccine distribution are what we should be focusing on  now. They are what will help us get life back to normal. They are what  will end this pandemic. Yet, sadly, only 1 percent of Biden and  Pelosi's COVID-19 package goes to vaccines. That is unacceptable. It is  unacceptable that the partisan Pelosi-Schumer bill lacks foresight and  badly misdiagnoses what America needs now, because we are seeing the  light at the end of this tunnel. We must keep moving in this direction.  Any future relief must be targeted and focused on vaccine distribution.   Let's just start by retargeting the $1 trillion that is not even yet  out the door. Why don't we start there? But, instead, the Democrats  continue to go their own way in a purely partisan piece of legislation  to spend another $1.9 trillion, most of which does not address anything  related to the COVID-19 pandemic. It must be directed instead toward  ending the pandemic, helping the American people, not supporting the  liberal dreams of Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer.   I yield the floor.   