 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma for  yielding. I have no ill will about what happened at the Cotton Bowl  last week. But I will say that on the floor of the House of  Representatives last week I was entertained by listening to the  majority leader brag--brag--about voting 49 times to raise the debt  ceiling in his career, the debt going up from $1 trillion to now $28\1/ 2\ trillion.   What do my illustrious colleagues on the other side of the aisle want  to do now?   Throw another $3\1/2\ trillion on top of massive inflation, people  getting paid not to work, and an economy getting absolutely crushed.  That is where my Democratic colleagues want to take us. But the thing  is, it is not about the $28\1/2\ trillion. That is horrible-- undermining the dollar, undermining the economy, racking up debt,  printing money, and making us weak compared to China.   But it really isn't that. It is that my Democratic colleagues want to  spend that money to come after you, the American people. That is what  that money is for. It is to go after the American people. It is to fund  the FBI to go after parents at school boards; a school board where this  summer a dad went to talk to the school board and exercise his First  Amendment rights because his daughter was raped in a bathroom.   And what do the illustrious geniuses of the Loudoun County School  Board do?   What do the school board administrations across this country do, the  association?   They said that we should call them domestic terrorists.   What does the Biden administration do?   They come out and say that we are going to fund the Department of  Justice, we are going to say we should have people going after  parents--going after parents--for speaking at a school board where his  little girl--his ninth grade girl--was raped in a bathroom by a dude  wearing a skirt.   What in the world is happening to our country?   That is what my Democratic colleagues want to do. They want to fund  bureaucrats to go after the American people. They want to fund OSHA.  They want to give more money to OSHA, increasing the max for OSHA  penalties for repeat offenders of violating the President's illegal,  unconstitutional vaccine mandate from $70,000 to $700,000 minimum  penalty, from $500 to $50,000 going after businesses who dare to say  they don't believe it is their role to tell their employees that they  must get vaccinated.   But in the infinite wisdom of this President, he thinks he has the  power to go after the American people.   Well, God bless the pilots of Southwest, and God bless the employees  out  [[Page H5670]]  there saying ``no'' and saying: You don't get to do that.   But what do my Democratic colleagues want to do?   They want to fund more bureaucrats to go after private citizens and  private businesses who do not want to bow down to the edict of the  President of the United States issuing an unlawful, illegal mandate.  They want to fund more Federal Government restricting rights to work,  $835 billion in welfare through the Tax Code, expand Federal Government  control over local zoning, empowering the IRS, as my colleagues have  already eloquently spoken about, and going after your ability to have  the energy to fuel your businesses, fuel your homes, and making the  American people subject to energy poverty.   That is what our Democratic colleagues have in mind.   Finally, giving billions of dollars to woke colleges, wealthy  liberals, and the rest of the left's political base. That is the  direction my Democratic colleagues want to take this country.   I think the American people know this is the wrong direction.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this disastrous  legislation, and I thank the gentleman for yielding.   