 Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of the  confirmation of Judge Angel Kelley to serve as a judge on the U.S.  District Court for the District of Massachusetts.   In a legal career that has already spanned almost 30 years, Judge  Kelley has excelled in everything she has done, and she has done a lot.  She has been a trial attorney, a legal instructor, and a State court  judge in my home State of Massachusetts.   She has devoted her entire professional career to serving the public.  She began her practice of law representing children in delinquency and  protective care cases in New York. She went on to serve as a senior  trial attorney and assistant chief for litigation in the fast-paced and  demanding Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. She served as an  assistant U.S. attorney.   She has taught litigation skills to students at Harvard University  Law School and supervised them representing indigent clients appearing  in probate and family court.   As a judge sitting in the Massachusetts District and Superior Courts,  she has presided over hundreds of trials. She has issued opinions in  civil and criminal proceedings, addressing topics including employment  discrimination, judicial immunity for testifying witnesses, grand jury  integrity, the right against self-incrimination, and public records  access. Her opinions suggest a thoughtful, balanced, and evenhanded  approach.   Judge Kelley has throughout her career demonstrated one thing above  all else, and that is an abiding commitment to our Nation's promise of  equal justice under the law. She has been a leader in the Massachusetts  judiciary on fulfilling this promise, especially to litigants of color.  She has been a friend and mentor to many members of the legal community  and their affinity groups, with her nomination receiving strong support  from the Massachusetts Black Lawyers Association, the Massachusetts  Hispanic Lawyers Association, and the Asian American Lawyers  Association of Massachusetts, among others.   At a time when our Federal bench needs both diversity of experience  and diversity of background more than ever, Judge Kelley meets the  moment with qualifications that are, unfortunately, too rare for  Federal judges. It is my sincere hope to see more nominees like Judge  Kelley in the near future as we help reshape America's judiciary to  better suit the people it serves.   In light of her qualifications, experience, and service, including a  unanimous ``well qualified'' rating from the American Bar Association,  Judge Kelley received bipartisan support in the Judiciary Committee to  advance her nomination. I urge my colleagues to support her nomination  here on the floor and vote yes to confirm her so that we can fill a  long vacancy on the Massachusetts Federal court with a true,  outstandingly qualified jurist who represents the best of our judicial  system and our Nation.   I yield the floor.   