 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Mfume for yielding time,  and I thank Mr. Rice for introducing this legislation.   Madam Speaker, when I was first elected to Congress, I visited  Congressman Clyburn's office seeking his assistance with committee  assignments. While there, I noticed the pictures of eight former South  Carolina Congressmen, all African American, hanging prominently in his  outer office.   Among those was Joseph Rainey, the first African American elected to  the U.S. House of Representatives. I was unaware of Mr. Rainey, and so  I became curious about this man.   Joseph Rainey was born to enslaved parents on June 21, 1832, in  Georgetown, South Carolina, a community heavily dominated with slaves.   As the years went on, Joseph Rainey's father was permitted by his  master to work independently and save a little money. Using his  accumulated funds, Edward Rainey purchased freedom for little Joseph  and his family.   When President Lincoln was elected in 1860, 11 States seceded from  the Union; South Carolina was the first. A civil war erupts.   Joseph Rainey, now 28 years of age, was conscripted, or drafted, to  work on fortifications in Charleston. This was unacceptable to Joseph,  and so, with his family, he escaped to St. George, Bermuda.   Madam Speaker, St. George is a small parish on the island of Bermuda.  While there, Rainey undoubtedly became acquainted with my grandfather,  James Peter Butterfield, born 1853, who lived his entire life in St.  George.   On December 6, 1865, the 13th Amendment was added to the  Constitution, ending slavery in America. 400,000 slaves in South  Carolina are free: 37,000 in Charleston, 32,000 in Beaufort, 18,000 in  Georgetown.   The same year, the Civil War ends. South Carolina desires to be  readmitted to the Union. As a condition, South Carolina was required to  adopt a constitution that repudiated secession, acknowledged the end of  slavery and repudiated debts that the State and its White citizens had  incurred.   The South Carolina Constitutional Convention convened on January 14,  1868. A very prominent delegate to the convention was Joseph H. Rainey.  The convention's minutes, Madam Speaker, reflect that Rainey advocated  for free public education for all South Carolina citizens. He advocated  for relieving White landowners of their insurmountable debt that had  accumulated during the war.   The convention was successful; a new constitution was adopted, and on  July  [[Page H554]]  9, 1868, South Carolina was readmitted to the Union. Joseph Rainey was  recognized for his brilliance during the convention.   The following year, 1869, Congress passed the 15th Amendment granting  the former slaves the right to vote and hold office. On February 3,  1870, the 15th Amendment was finally ratified by the States.   Joseph Rainey seized the opportunity; ran for Congress in the First  District. Elected on December 12, 1870, Congressman Rainey remained a  Member of this body until after President Rutherford B. Hayes ended  Reconstruction, which gave rise to violence against African Americans.   Though Rainey was reelected in 1876, he did not seek office again,  making him the longest-serving African-American Congressman during  Reconstruction.   Madam Speaker, this is a remarkable story. I appreciate Mr. Rice, and  Mr. Clyburn, and the entire South Carolina delegation for offering this  legislation to name the Post Office located at 1101 Charlotte Street in  Georgetown as the Joseph Hayne Rainey Memorial Post Office Building.   