 Madam Speaker, for more than 220 years since George  Washington yielded the Presidency to John Adams, the peaceful transfer  of power has been a hallmark of our democracy.   In this country, the will of the American people reigns supreme over  the ambitions of any individual. Every single President has honored and  upheld these principles until now.   Donald Trump lost his bid for reelection last November. It was a free  and fair election. In fact, President Trump's own election security  director called it ``the most secure election in U.S. history.'' But  for 2 months now, Donald Trump has refused to accept the will of the  American people. Over and over again, he has told his supporters he  didn't really lose; the election was stolen from him and from them. And  as they grew angrier and angrier over this perceived injustice, he told  them there was still a way to keep him in power.    As Congress prepared to meet for the sacred ritual of certifying the  results of the President's election, the President made his move. He  directed his supporters to travel to Washington for a rally to ``stop  the steal.''   They did.   Then, once assembled, he had one final request: March on the U.S.  Capitol. Do what it takes to help me hold on to power. ``We will never  give up. We will never concede,'' he told them. ``If you don't fight  like hell,'' he warned, ``you are not going to have a country  anymore.''   The people on the Ellipse that day heard his message loud and clear.  They answered his call for insurrection.   As the third-ranking Republican in this Chamber put it, he ``summoned  the mob, assembled the mob, and lit the flame of this attack.''   Armed with guns, pipe bombs, bats, shields, zip ties, and more, they  set their sights on the U.S. Capitol. They stormed the citadel of our  democracy. Hundreds of domestic terrorists did what Donald Trump wanted  them to do. They seized the Capitol and tried to end our country's 234- year experiment in democracy, as the Trump family and White House aides  watched gleefully on television.   They searched the Halls of this building for the Vice President, who  they came to hang for treason. They overran the Office of the Speaker,  who they came to assassinate. They sought, above all else, to seize  control of our government in the name of Donald Trump.   Let that sink in: The terrorists who stormed this building planned to  hang the Vice President, kill the Speaker, and topple our government.   They took down the American flag and replaced it with a Trump flag.   Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who  are not planning to vote for this article: Is this the kind of country  you want to live in? What are you going to tell your children and  grandchildren when they ask what you did in this moment? Did you stand  for the Republic or for this President?   Heed the words of Abraham Lincoln, the first Republican President,  who told our country that ``a house divided against itself cannot  stand.''   This great House of which Abraham Lincoln served cannot and will not  endure if we do not stand together now.   The President and the terrorists who stormed these Halls last  Wednesday did not succeed in toppling our Republic. We must ensure they  never do. I implore you to join us in supporting this article.   