 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I also ask unanimous consent to deliver  my complete remarks prior to the vote.    Madam President, I rise to recognize a historic  confirmation that took place last week. On Thursday, the Senate  confirmed Deanne Criswell to serve as the Administrator of the Federal  Emergency Management Agency. I would like to thank Senator Portman for  his support and for working closely with me to see that Ms. Criswell  was swiftly confirmed for this critical position.   Ms. Criswell is an experienced, crisis-tested leader, well deserving  of the unanimous bipartisan support that her confirmation received. As  she takes the helm of FEMA, Ms. Criswell brings more than 25 years of  emergency management and disaster response experience at the Federal,  State, and local level.   Having served as an emergency management commissioner for one of the  largest and most diverse cities in America, Ms. Criswell knows what it  takes to ensure the coronavirus vaccination distribution is efficient  and effective and that every community has the resources that they need  to recover from this pandemic.   As a former member of the National Guard and a firefighter, she  understands the needs of our heroic first responders as they  continuously protect Americans on the frontlines.   However, the pandemic is just one of many challenges that FEMA faces,  and Ms. Criswell understands that there is no one-size-fits-all  approach to disaster response and every crisis, from hurricanes to  historic flooding and wildfires, to the COVID-19 pandemic, requires a  coordinated strategy.   There is no doubt that Ms. Criswell's experience in emergency  management, extensive record of tackling crises on a local and national  level, and the desire to work on a bipartisan basis to improve our  Federal disaster response in every community are exactly what is needed  to meet the challenges that we are facing now and those challenges that  lie ahead.   