 Madam President, first let me thank Senator Stabenow and  Senator Peters for bringing us together to recognize an extraordinary  gentleman, an extraordinary friend, and, for me, an extraordinary  mentor, Senator Carl Levin.   I want to begin by offering my deepest sympathies to Carl's family,  his wife Barbara, their wonderful daughters and grandchildren, his  brother Sandy, and his nephew Congressman   Andy Levin. Those who knew  him knew that Carl was, above all else, a loving father, a devoted  husband, and a profoundly compassionate man. Today, we mourn with the  entire Levin family.   I would like to take just a few minutes to reflect on his remarkable  life and legacy. Carl served 36 years in the U.S. Senate and made every  single day count. He was a gentleman and a statesman, a true champion  for Michigan, for working families, for justice, and especially for the  men and women of the U.S. military Throughout his long and wide-ranging  career, he carried with him a constant, enduring commitment to service.    From his earliest days growing up in Detroit, Carl understood what  service meant. He worked his way up as an auto factory worker and taxi  driver to get to law school and then to the Michigan Civil Rights  Commission, where he dedicated his early career to service as a public  defender. From there, he committed himself even further to the people  of Detroit, serving 8 years on the city council and fighting constantly  to advance the civil rights of his constituents.   His 3\1/2\ decades in the Senate truly defined his commitment to  service, and his accomplishments are monumental. While Carl is  particularly associated with national defense, as the chairman of the  Armed Services Committee, he was one of the most productive, effective  congressional investigators and legislators of his era--or any era.  Wielding his gavel on the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on  Investigations with great clout and distinction, he was relentless in  going after waste, fraud, abuse, and corruption whenever and wherever  he saw it.   He didn't shy from tough issues. He worked tirelessly to expose major  corporate tax avoidance and evasion, knowing that it was unfair for  working men and women to pay their share while corporations found  loopholes to pay nothing.   Carl changed the very way our government worked, using his  legislative powers, his backbone, and his brain to take on the most  powerful institutions in America on behalf of not just the little guy  but a healthier republic.   Serving alongside Carl Levin on the Armed Services Committee was one  of the greatest privileges of my life. We liked to joke that we were  friends and we traveled together so much because I made Carl feel tall  and he made me feel like the most elegant dresser in the United States  of America.   I was always intrigued during our 11 trips overseas together--mostly  to battlegrounds--when I would try to pack light, my experience in the  military having suggested that. Carl would show up with a little bag-- just a little black bag. And I would think, ``How could he get through  these 5, 6, 7 days of trips with just that?'' Then I discovered the  answer. We would have a meeting with a Prime Minister, for example, and  he would have his coat and his tie and his white shirt on and his  slacks. And then he would get ready to go to the field. He would just  take his coat off or undo his tie, roll up his sleeves, and head out to  the field. Then we would come back to have another meeting, and he  would put his tie back on. It was the Carl Levin method. And as much as  I tried to emulate it, I could not.   He was one of the most incredibly genuine and kind individuals you  would ever meet.   When he took on his duties on the Armed Services Committee, he  understood that national security is not a partisan issue, and he  maintained a spirit of bipartisanship that continues to motivate all of  us.   He also understood that national security requires more than just  defense. So he was an active supporter of diplomacy and international  organizations.   Throughout his life, Senator Levin was a steadying force in turbulent  times in global affairs. He was a staunch advocate for NATO,  recognizing that our national power is enhanced by strong alliances  with other democracies. He also lent crucial support to the START  Treaty between the United States and Russia, limiting and reducing the  number of nuclear weapons on this planet. And he later supported the  Nunn-Lugar legislation that removed many unsecured nuclear weapons  after the collapse of the Soviet Union.   But, most profoundly, Carl always recognized that the dedication and  sacrifice of our servicemembers is fundamental to our military  security. I feel that in every critical decision he made, he viewed it  through the eyes of those young soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines  on the ground--what would his decisions mean to them? That is why he  traveled to countless outposts and ships to see for himself the needs  of our men and women in uniform and to thank our troops personally for  their service. And I was privileged to travel with him many, many times  and to witness his concern for those who served.  [[Page S5211]]    At this moment, my mind is awash with memories and images; for  example, in 1997, standing with Carl before a crowd of 50,000 pro- democratic Serbians in Belgrade, calling for a democracy to replace the  dictator, Milosevic. It was a moving moment. In 2003, visiting our  troops in Iraq--one of the first codels to enter Iraq--to find out for  ourselves what was happening; what the troops needed; what we could do  to protect them and give them the tools to do their job; and in 2009,  crowded together, sitting on the floor on carpets with Afghan leaders  in a small village, trying to determine a path forward. Carl always led  by example and with decency and integrity.    Later this summer, it will be the honor of my life to speak at the  commissioning of the U.S. Navy's newest warship, the USS Carl M. Levin.  It is a great and formidable ship, bearing the name of a great and  formidable man. I wish more than anything that Carl could be there to  witness the tremendous honor for his namesake ship's commissioning. But  Carl always did prefer to avoid the spotlight and the fanfare, and, I  think, perhaps he will be smiling even wider as he looks from above at  the christening of that ship.   Carl's life was defined by service, and we should all be grateful to  be part of the legacy that he created in this very Chamber. His loss is  immeasurable, but I am grateful for his lifetime of contributions to  the people of Michigan and the people of our Nation.   We can best honor Senator Levin by carrying out his ideals and  example in what we do here and what we do for the Nation, and,  particularly, what we do for the brave young men and women who serve  this Nation.   I yield the floor.   