 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the  ranking member, for his kind remarks. I thank him for his leadership on  this resolution, as well. I thank Chairman Meeks for his leadership on  this. It is a bipartisan resolution, and it is very much needed right  now. H. Res. 130 condemns the ongoing violation of human rights and the  rule of law in Hong Kong perpetrated by the Chinese Communist Party  under Xi Jinping and the Government of Hong Kong itself.   As the author of the House-passed, bipartisan Hong Kong Human Rights  Act signed into law last Congress, which I first introduced in 2014 and  again in 2015, 2017, and then for a final time in 2019, I want to just  thank Speaker Pelosi for putting that legislation before this body and  for her strong support.   The Speaker mentioned a moment ago how we have worked for well over  30 years on combating human rights abuses in China whether it be Tibet,  the ongoing repression and now genocide against the Uighurs, and the  crackdown on religious freedom which has now become nothing but  pervasive persecution against people of all faiths as well as the Falun  Gong. We have worked very, very closely together, and I believe going  back to right after Tiananmen Square, that linkage of human rights with  trade was the only way to effectuate systemic change. Regrettably, we  have lost so far that linkage. But, again, now we are seeing  manifestations, particularly in Hong Kong.   Could Taiwan be next? Consider all of the promises that were made-- and there were solemn promises made by the dictatorship in Beijing--to  respect human rights in Hong Kong. The basic law is now being violated  with impunity.   Of course, there is the Sino-U.K. agreement that is being violated.  This is an international treaty, and there is the Chinese dictatorship  one by one arresting the best, the bravest, and the brightest of Hong  Kong and putting them into prison for long prison sentences.   As the Speaker noted a moment ago, we just saw that Joshua Wong got  an additional jail sentence on his already 13\1/2\-month jail sentence.  We know that he is a great young man, and he represents the future of  Hong Kong. He now is languishing in prison.   I met Martin Lee in Hong Kong in the early 1990s, and he suggested to  me that someday he may find himself in prison. He said that it is worth  it for human rights and for democracy. He is an absolutely brave and an  absolutely principled lawyer, a former member of the Hong Kong  Legislative Council. He too has been convicted under this crackdown on  democracy promotion in Hong Kong.   So there are also many, many others. Jimmy Lai was one of five who  were just sentenced last Friday. So this is happening in real time  every single day. Once you are arrested and put into prison, the bully  boys of the Hong Kong police make sure that you suffer, and you suffer  intensely.   So, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, again, Chairman Meeks for bringing  this forward and, of course, my good friend, Mr. McCaul.    Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend for  yielding and for his leadership, as well as Chairman Meeks. I  especially want to thank Chairman Keating for authoring this very, very  important resolution and for his hearing that he held in March on the  situation in Belarus.   Madam Speaker, the resolution condemns Alyaksandr Lukashenka's  ongoing and ever-worsening brutality and crackdown on peaceful  protestors.   As my colleagues know, the leading opposition presidential candidate,  Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya, who almost certainly won the election in  August and helped form the Coordination Council as a means to seek a  peaceful transition of power, needs our consistent and robust support  and encouragement.   Today, Ms. Tsikhanouskaya is in exile in Lithuania, where she  continues to rally the Belarusian people and the world and to demand  democracy and human rights for her nation, no matter how long it takes.   More than 8 months have passed since the stolen August presidential  election, and about 5 months since President Trump signed the Belarus  Democracy, Human Rights, and Sovereignty Act of 2020, which I authored.   Let me point out to my colleagues that I first authored the Belarus  Democracy Act in the year 2004. It was enacted into law and  reauthorized in 2006 and 2011. What it did was focus on denying visas  to human rights abusers and made people who are singled out ineligible  for participating in our economy.   In retaliation, I was told I could not visit Belarus. I was denied a  visa repeatedly. I finally got there twice and raised human rights  issues with Lukashenka himself.   Let me just say that a resolution like this has real impact. Just  last week, as a result of an outcry from human rights organizations,  the government released Tatsiana Hatsura-Yavorska, the director of the  Watch Docs Film Festival in Belarus, and they dropped the charges  because of the outcry.   Again, I want to thank Mr. Keating, the chairman, for doing this.   Let me remind my colleagues, too, that the Russians continue to play  a very, very destructive role in the country. This past week alone,  Russian authorities detained Yuras Zyankovich, a Belarusian lawyer and  U.S. citizen.   Madam Speaker, I urge passage.    I rise in support H.R. 965, of which I am a  cosponsor, introduced by my friend and colleague, chairwoman of the  Africa Subcommittee, Karen Bass, to strengthen and formalize our Young  African Leaders Initiative program.   The YALI program identifies and invites young leaders from across the  African continent to participate in training programs that enhance  their leadership skills. Among these individuals, some are selected to  participate in the Mandela Washington Fellowship here in the United  States.   I have met and spoken with YALI leaders who have participated in the  Mandela Fellowship program through Rutgers University in my home state  of New Jersey. They are the leaders of tomorrow.   I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this  legislation, and again, thank you to Chairwoman Bass for her  leadership.   