 DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in  support of the resolution urging Vice President Pence and the Cabinet  to remove President Trump from office.   In the interest of full disclosure, I want to make it clear that I've  always thought that President Trump was unstable and unfit to hold the  highest office in the land. But since the election, I believe that his  actions have become more erratic and angry and dangerous.   He has developed an alternative worldview with no basis in reality in  which he won more votes than Joe Biden, but the election was `stolen'  from him. I suspect that he may actually believe that.   But the facts are clear. The 2020 Presidential election was one of  the most open and transparent elections in our nation's history  according to election officials and observers, both Republican and  Democratic. The FBI said that it found no evidence of widespread voter  fraud. The Attorney General, chosen by the President, said that there  was no evidence of widespread voter fraud. And the chairman of the  bipartisan U.S. Election Assistance Commission said that there was no  evidence of widespread voter fraud.   Nevertheless, Donald Trump has widely repeated this message in  speeches and over social media in the months before and after the  election, which has led to its widespread acceptance by thousands and  perhaps millions of Americans.   In August, for example, he said ``the only way we're going to lose  this election is if the election is rigged. Remember that. It's the  only way we're going to lose this election.''   Subsequently, he said ``This is a case where they're trying to steal  an election . . . . They're trying to rig an election, and we can't let  that happen.''   After the election, he said, ``If you count the legal votes, I easily  win. If you count the illegal votes, they can try to steal the election  from us.''   And on Christmas Eve, he wrote on Facebook, in all capital letters,  ``VOTER FRAUD IS NOT A CONSPIRACY THEORY, IT IS A FACT!!!''   What's even more disturbing is that his actions have displayed a  similar unhinged quality. On election night, for example, he urged  [[Page H146]]  his supporters to harass workers counting votes in Arizona and  Michigan. He had his campaign file over 60 lawsuits challenging the  election processes in a number of states, nearly all of which were  rejected by state and federal courts--including several which were  rejected by the Supreme Court, He called Republican members of the  Wayne County Board of Canvassers in Michigan and pressured them to  derail the certification of the state's election results. More  recently, he called Georgia elections officials and pressured them to  ``find votes'' to overturn the presidential election results in  Georgia. And just last week, he reportedly ignored requests to mobilize  the National Guard in the midst of the attack on the U.S. Capitol.   I believe that his false, misleading claims over an extended period  of time, culminating in his speech on the morning of January 6-- repeated and validated on conservative cable shows and social media--is  the root cause of the assault on the Capitol last week.   President Trump has spent months and months undermining the American  people's faith in the November presidential election. I believe part of  it may be a coping mechanism for him because he's totally unwilling to  accept that he was defeated by someone else. But I also believe that  parts of it are criminal and a deliberate, lengthy effort to undermine  and overturn what are, by all credible accounts, legitimate election  results in order to stay in office.   Regardless of the motivation for his actions, the President currently  appears to be unstable, unfit, and unable to carry out his duties as  President of the United States. Moreover, his instability raises  concerns for many, myself included, that in his last few days in  office, he might take some dangerous action or pursue some policy that  will harm the American people in a significant way.   This man currently controls the entire federal government, including  the U.S. military, and he has the U.S. nuclear codes at his fingertips.   I fear for our nation as long as he remains in office under these  circumstances.   That's why I'm supporting this resolution today to urge Vice  President Pence, and a majority of the Cabinet to remove him from  office as soon as humanly possible. I believe that the future of our  nation may be at stake.   