 Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank the  U.S. Police and the Sergeant at Arms employees who were here on the  front lines protecting this Capitol last week during the unprecedented  attack. It is imperative that we focus on ensuring a safe Inauguration  Day, protecting Members and staff during this time of increased  threats, and making sure that our Capitol Police officers have the  support that they need. We need to ensure that what we saw happen a  week ago today never happens again.   Yesterday, I introduced, along with Representatives Katko and Comer,  a bill that would create a national commission on the domestic  terrorist attack upon the United States Capitol. The bipartisan  commission would consist of 10 Members--5 Republicans, 5 Democrats-- appointed by the next President and by House and Senate leadership.  This commission would be tasked with investigating the domestic  terrorist attack that occurred in this building just a week ago, and it  will provide us recommendations to prevent similar attacks from  happening in the future.   What we saw last week scared all of us who were here. But it also  showed adversaries what it takes to take out a branch of government.   When this commission is done with its investigation, it will submit a  report to the President and the Congress detailing its findings and  recommendations to ensure that no foreign or domestic adversary could  accomplish what was done on January 6. We need to ensure that we fully  understand what took place last week and any and all issues that  occurred during our response.   Republicans and Democrats need to work together. We must unite to  prevent any attacks like this from happening in the future, and we must  protect this institution, not just for us but for the American people.  That is why we should defeat the previous question so that we can  establish this bipartisan commission to equip us with the information  that we need to support our Capitol Police and the men and women who  work in these buildings.   