 Mr. Speaker, as my colleague, Mr. Meeks, eloquently  mentioned, it is worth repeating again that Peng Shuai on November 2  posted on her social media account a detailed allegation of sexual  abuse against a former Vice Premier of the People's Republic of China,  a very senior official.   In her post, she said: ``I couldn't describe how disgusted I was and  how many times I asked myself, am I still a human? I feel like a  walking corpse.''   It shouldn't surprise anybody that the CCP, the Chinese Communist  Party, immediately censored her post and any mention of these  allegations and basically wiped it off the face of the Earth. She has  since been absent and unresponsive to friends except for a clearly  fabricated statement and video in a clearly coerced session, shamefully  with International Olympic Committee officials.   This would be like if a U.S. tennis star made an accusation, a  credible one, of sexual abuse against a Vice President of the United  States, and then she disappeared. That is what essentially has  happened.   On November 21, the IOC said in a statement that its president,  Thomas Bach, had a 30-minute video call but yet wouldn't release the  video afterward. The IOC's participation in this charade is a disgrace.   After the call, IOC official Dick Pound said it is the IOC's  unanimous conclusion by IOC officials that Peng is fine.   This is the definition of perpetuating CCP propaganda. It is exactly  the opposite of what we should expect in the world.   The Women's Tennis Association has demanded accountability, demanded  that her whereabouts be disclosed, that she be able to talk to  colleagues and friends, and that her sexual assault allegation be taken  seriously and fully investigated.   Importantly, unlike the National Basketball Association, the  Olympics, and so many others, the WTA has said they are going to forgo  any future tournaments in China, which is a significant, significant  portion of their revenue. In short, they are putting their money where  their mouth is. They are walking the walk, not just talking the talk.   This is exactly why we cannot send our athletes to the Beijing  Olympics. We cannot guarantee their safety. We cannot turn a blind eye  to the ongoing genocide. We cannot allow American companies that want  to preach social justice here in the United States because it helps  their balance sheet to then ignore basic human rights when it comes to  China to also pad their balance sheet.   I would ask any of my colleagues, when it comes to the Winter  Olympics, did they agree with the IOC stepping into politics when it  comes to apartheid? The IOC not only banned the Olympics from happening  in South Africa under apartheid, but they banned the South African  Olympic Committee from participating in the Olympics for 30 years.    Yet when it comes to China, when it comes to the abuses of the  Chinese Communist Party, we have a whole heck of a lot of silence. If  we won't take a stand now, what will we take a stand for?   I support the gentleman from Texas (Mr. McCaul), the gentleman from  New York (Mr. Meeks), and the gentlewoman from Virginia (Ms. Wexton) in  this important effort.   