 Madam Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to  support my amendment to H.R. 7.   I was privileged to serve on the Science Committee and study physics  as an undergraduate, and I have always been impressed with the  Heisenberg uncertainty principle. It says you can't measure something  without changing it.   As a longtime businessman, we always wanted to be driven by data  because you can't manage what you don't measure.   Receiving equal pay should not have to depend on an anonymous note  writer letting you know that you are being underpaid. Guaranteeing that  women and men receive equal pay for equal work is a principle rooted in  our Nation's commitment to equality and fairness.   My amendment would require employers to report pay data by race,  national origin, and gender to the Equal Employment Opportunity  Commission and for that data to be shared with the Office of Federal  Contract Compliance Programs.   It would lengthen the timeframe for inception of the pay data  collection from 18 to 24 months, providing the EEOC with more time to  develop and execute an effective pay data collection.   I believe it is plausible, Madam Speaker, to say that more than 90  percent of paychecks are prepared by software, either internal or  external. I remember preparing paychecks by hand, but it is a very  small business that does that anymore. That software will evolve  overnight, probably through the course of this debate, and the burden  is likely to be small.   The amendment also permits, but doesn't require, the use of pay bands  or hours-worked data and provides the EEOC with flexibility in what  type of compensation data to use. Importantly, it also gives the EEOC  the discretion to collect additional employment-related data but also  to consider employer burden, data format, and confidentiality.   Pay data reporting by employers promises to shine light on race and  gender pay disparities, increase the likelihood of employer self- analysis and self-correction, and identify the areas of concern for  further investigation by enforcement agencies.   Reporting this data will also allow the EEOC to see which employers  have racial or gender pay gaps that differ significantly from the pay  patterns from other employers in their industry and region.   I can also say, after almost 50 years of adapting to Federal  regulations, almost every business can find a way to profit from it.   