 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, last week, my friend and colleague, the  senior Senator from Texas, came to the floor to speak about two highly  qualified nominees seeking senior positions in President Biden's  Justice Department--Lisa Monaco and Vanita Gupta.   I was pleased to hear Senator Cornyn express support for Lisa Monaco.  She is nominated to be the Deputy Attorney General. She has vast  experience and deep ties to the Department. She has served in multiple  roles as both a career employee and a Senate-confirmed official. She is  also someone who has predicted and responded to several of the greatest  threats of our time, including global pandemics and the rise of  domestic terrorism. She has what it takes to serve as the No. 2 person  in the Department of Justice and along with the Attorney General,  Merrick Garland, to restore independence and integrity in that  Department.  [[Page S1512]]    Unfortunately, my friend from Texas went on to take a different view  when it came to Vanita Gupta, who has been nominated to be an Associate  Attorney General, the No. 3 position at the Department. Every Senator,  of course, has the right to oppose any nominee, even though many of my  colleagues across the aisle have spoken about the importance of  deferring to President Biden and his choices to lead his Cabinet.   But when opposition turns from beyond just feeling negative toward  someone to stating things about that person that may not be altogether  accurate, I feel obligated to come to the floor and correct the record.  I would like to address a few of the false attacks that are being  leveled against Ms. Gupta.   She unequivocally stated in her testimony under oath before the  Judiciary Committee last week that she opposes defunding the police.  Any suggestion to the contrary is patently false. We have seen  statement after statement from law enforcement organizations that  support Vanita Gupta and her nomination. They admitted plainly that  they know she doesn't call for defunding the police.   Yet we also continue to see statement after statement from Republican  Senators and many of their allies buying television ads claiming the  contrary. Ask yourself this basic question: If Vanita Gupta wants to  defund the police, how would she get the support and endorsement of the  Fraternal Order of Police, the International Association of Chiefs of  Police, Major Cities Chiefs Association, National Sheriffs'  Association, Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, and others?  I think we know the answer. She doesn't want to defund the police. It  is simply something that is said about her that is not true.   But what Ms. Gupta has called for and what she reiterated before the  Committee on the Judiciary last week is making sure that police  officers, the men and women who put themselves in harm's way every day,  are not called upon to be mental health counselors. Some may have that  skill, but most are not trained in that field, and it is not why they  signed up for the job.   As Ms. Gupta explained at her hearing, we have spent far too long  laying too many of our Nation's social problems at the feet of police-- no matter what goes wrong in the neighborhood, on the street, in the  household--call 9-1-1. From homelessness to mental health issues to  substance abuse disorders, they all fall on the laps of our law  enforcement officials. This is something that police officers, police  chiefs, county sheriffs, and civil rights advocates agree on, finding  the right person can be critical in an intervention.   Ms. Gupta is a consensus builder, and the consensus from law  enforcement is this: Confirm Vanita Gupta.   My friend from Texas also suggested there was something amiss in Ms.  Gupta's response to his question on whether she supported  decriminalizing drugs. He asked her this at the hearing: ``Is it true  that you advocate decriminalization of all drugs?'' Ms. Gupta, under  oath, responded: ``No, Senator, I do not.''   My friend from Texas suggested this answer was misleading, given that  Ms. Gupta wrote 9 years ago that she would support decriminalizing the  possession of small amounts of drugs.   There was nothing misleading about her response. The question was  posed in the present tense. It was not limited to decriminalizing  possession. More importantly, as she eloquently explained at the  hearing, Ms. Gupta's position on decriminalizing drug possession had  changed due to her family's own experience with opioid addiction. She  did something that far too few people in Washington are willing to do.  She acknowledged that she had changed her mind.   I have done that, too, as an elected official. Sometimes people call  me on it, and, luckily, I can turn to a good source for rebuttal. You  see, Abraham Lincoln spent many years in politics, and he was once  accused of changing his mind on an issue, and he replied: Yes, it is  true, I changed my position on that issue, but I would rather be right  some of the time than wrong all the time. That is the way I feel about  being honest if you change your mind based on new information, new  experience, or thinking it through from a different angle.   My friend from Texas also suggested that Ms. Gupta somehow wanted to  follow her own personal convictions rather than the law. That is not  true. Ms. Gupta is a Justice Department veteran. She spent 3 years  leading the Civil Rights Division. She enforced the law regardless of  her personal views, and she will do the same as Associate Attorney  General.   Senator Cornyn suggested that Ms. Gupta harbors personal views that  are hostile to police. I won't recount again all the police  organizations that have endorsed her. But he omits the fact that she  has already served in the Justice Department. And what was the verdict  on her time in the Department? These police groups believe in her. They  like her approach. They think she is fair. They have endorsed her. I  hope my friends on the Republican side of the aisle will acknowledge  that.    Unlike the prior administration, President Biden has nominated senior  Justice Department leaders who are driven by fidelity to the rule of  law. They understand their role at the Department as officials who  enforce the law, and they will do so. Ms. Gupta is no exception.   Next week, we will vote on Ms. Gupta's nomination in committee. She  has broad bipartisan support across the Nation--law enforcement,  Justice Department officials of both parties, civil rights groups, even  some of the most conservative Republican advocates, they back Ms.  Gupta. She deserves that same bipartisan support here in the Senate.    Mr. President, one floor above this Senate Chamber, near  a bank of elevators, sit the marble busts of two leaders of the Ojibwa,  or Chippewa, people who came to Washington, DC, in 1855 to sign a  treaty with the U.S.Government.   The terms of the treaty had been dictated by the U.S. Government: The  Ojibwa people would surrender more than 2 million acres of their  ancestral homeland in northern Minnesota. In exchange, the Tribes would  receive less than $20,000 in cash, goods, and services, and assistance  to resettle on two reservations.  [[Page S1522]]    There was no real negotiation. The Ojibwa has two choices: Accept the  terms, or face annihilation. So the two chiefs, whose English names  were Buffalo and Flat Mouth, signed the treaty and hoped that they had  salvaged some future for their people.   It was one of more than 500 treaties that Indian nations signed with  the U.S. Government between 1778 and 1871.   Like every one of those 500-plus treaties, the 1855 treaty with the  Ojibwa Nation was violated by the U.S. Government.   The part of our government most responsible for carrying out treaty  obligations and maintaining government-to-government relations with  Tribal nations was--and still is--the U.S. Department of the Interior.  That is part of what makes the vote we will take today so historic and  important.   It has taken too long--244 years--for a Native American to be  included in a President's Cabinet.   Deb Halland is a leader of honor, integrity and vision, and I commend  President Biden for nominating her to this important post. As Secretary  of the Interior, she will oversee the department that manages America's  national parks and vast public lands. She also will lead the Bureau  primarily responsible for maintaining relations between the U.S  Government and the nearly 600 federally recognized, sovereign Tribes  within our national borders.   Her nomination has the strong backing of more than 500 national and  regional Tribal leaders, civil rights organizations, and environmental  and conservation groups. She received bipartisan support in the Senate  Committee on Environment and Natural Resources.   She is a thoughtful and inclusive leader who will search for balanced  solutions on energy, climate, and natural resource policy. I also  hope--and expect--that she will correct mistakes the previous  administration made in removing protections for vast amounts of lands,  including large portions of Bears Ears and the Grand Staircase- Escalante National Monuments in Utah. These natural and cultural  treasures are part of our shared national inheritance and must be  protected. Deb Haaland understands that.   In 2018, she became one of the first two indigenous women ever  elected to Congress. She is a 35th-generation New Mexican and an  enrolled member of the Laguna Pueblo, a Tribe of people who have lived  on the land that is now New Mexico for 900 years.   Defending this Nation is in her blood. Her father was a marine who  received the Silver Star for his service in Vietnam and is buried in  Arlington National Cemetery. Her mother is a Navy veteran who worked  for a quarter century at the Bureau of Indian Education, an Interior  Department Agency.   This historic nomination is an important step towards healing a deep  wound of our past, and it offers hope for a better future.   I am honored to support Deb Haaland to serve as U.S. Secretary of the  Interior.    I announce that the Senator from Colorado (Mr. Bennet),  the Senator from Colorado (Mr. Hickenlooper), and the Senator from  Hawaii (Ms. Hirono) are necessarily absent.   