 Thank you. I am committed to advancing our committee's  competitiveness legislation in the manner laid out by my colleague from  Michigan. I appreciate the work we have put into this package to date.  As we prepare to dramatically increase investment in our research  institutions and emerging technologies, the Safeguarding American  Innovation Act must be a part of any competitiveness legislation. We  must protect the intellectual property behind the revolutionary  discoveries and advances being made across our Nation. This whole-of- government approach to get the Federal Government's house in order  addresses a far-ranging problem and implicates the jurisdiction of  other committees including the HELP Committee and the Foreign Relations  Committee. I appreciate that the chairs and ranking members of those  committees want to continue negotiations on this bill. I understand  some changes to this legislation will be needed before it passes the  Senate floor. That said, this legislation is the result of several  years of bipartisan investigatory work by Senator Carper and myself  during our time as chair and ranking member of the Permanent  Subcommittee on Investigations.   I am committed to working with committees of jurisdiction, the  majority leader, Chairman Peters, and the administration to reach an  agreement on this text in the coming weeks before it will be added to  the Endless Frontier Act. I am also committed to continuing to engage  with key stakeholders including our institutions of higher education. I  am ready to put in the work and find a path forward here. The threat is  real, and we need to address it now. I look forward to working with my  colleague from Michigan to pass this legislation, along with other  important measures before our committee, as soon as possible.   While I am a cosponsor of Endless Frontier Act and believe it  provides an important increase in funding to the National Science  Foundation, if we don't take the basic steps outlined in the  Safeguarding American Innovation Act, these funds may contribute to  China's rise instead of improving the competitiveness of the United  States, as intended.   