 Mr. President, across the country, the school year is  winding down, and students will be on summer  [[Page S4030]]  break. We know that when school is out, many students who receive free  and reduced-price meals throughout the school year are not getting the  nutrition that they need.   The pandemic required us to explore innovative options for getting  food and nutrition, for getting that assistance to children in need,  especially those who were in rural and hard-to-serve areas. That is why  I, along with Senator Leahy, have reintroduced the Hunger-Free Summer  for Kids Act.   I am pleased that we have 12 bipartisan cosponsors and the support of  national organizations like Feeding America, Share Our Strength, Tusk  Philanthropies, Bread for the World, the Alliance to End Hunger, MAZON:  A Jewish Response to Hunger, and Save the Children.   When I served as a school board member many years ago, I saw how  important the national school meals program is to providing many  children with healthy meals, helping them to learn and grow. I also saw  that many kids were left without nutritious food during the summer  months.   Seeing this reality is, in part, why I wanted to serve as cochair of  the Senate Hunger Caucus. It is the reason why I care about these  programs, ensuring we have a bipartisan child nutrition reauthorization  process that can include this bill that Senator Leahy and I are  introducing.   Before the pandemic, we had data that showed the traditional Summer  Food Service Program was not serving all of the kids who needed these  meals. Only one in seven children receiving free or reduced-price meals  during the school year were receiving meals from the current Summer  Meals Program.   Big gaps exist, especially in rural areas. According to Feeding  America, 86 percent of counties with children most at risk for food  insecurity are rural counties.   The current program requires children to come to a feeding site and  eat their meals with other children. This concept has its benefits, as  it builds a sense of community, provides a safe place for kids to go,  and then offers them a chance to participate in other physical and  enrichment activities.   However, we know that getting kids to a feeding site can be a real  challenge. Buses take students to school, but the buses don't run in  the summer.    During the pandemic, Congress gave the U.S. Department of Agriculture  the authority to waive the requirement that kids had to eat meals  together at feeding sites. This flexibility has spurred innovation with  public-private partnerships. For instance, in my home State of  Arkansas, Faulkner County did a tremendous job packing meal boxes to be  sent home to families. Volunteers have delivered meals through mobile  delivery routes. Thanks to the Meals to You program that was  coordinated by the Baylor Collaborative on Hunger and Poverty, more  than 1.1 million meals were delivered directly to the doorstep of  almost 9,000 children living in rural Arkansas.   According to Share Our Strength, there was a 160-percent increase in  the number of meals served by allowing offsite consumption of meals.   Another way to ensure kids are receiving access to food is through  the Summer Electronic Benefits Transfer Program. Each child receives a  set amount of money that is loaded onto an EBT card. Families then can  shop for food to make sure their kids get the nutrition they need. This  program has been tested for a number of years by the USDA. The results  have shown that providing a $30 monthly benefit for a child was  effective in reducing the most severe category of food insecurity  during the summer and can lead to positive changes in children's  nutritional outcomes through the consumption of healthier foods.   This bill expands how we ensure children receive healthy meals  throughout the summer.   The pandemic has certainly shown the importance and the success of  this program when offsite consumption and EBT are options States can  utilize to feed children.   I want to commend the volunteers and staff on the frontlines who are  there each and every day ensuring that children receive the nutrition  they need. They work tirelessly, being true heroes to so many families  during the pandemic. I thank them for their hard work, their  innovation, and their dedication.   I look forward to working with my colleagues in the weeks and months  ahead to see this bill become part of a permanent, bipartisan child  nutrition reauthorization law. It is important that members of the Ag  Committee work together in a bipartisan manner, through regular order,  agreeing on the policy and the offsets that will be required to provide  schools, States, and families greater certainty into the future. I am  committed to a bipartisan path forward, and this bill is just the  beginning.   With that, I yield the floor.   