 Madam Speaker, I didn't like the President's speech  on January 6 either. I thought he was wrong to assert that the Vice  President and Congress can pick and choose which electoral votes to  count. He was wrong to set such a confrontational tone in a politically  tense situation.   But what did he actually say? His exact words were: ``I know that  everyone here will soon be marching over to the Capitol Building to  peacefully and patriotically make your voices heard.'' That is  impeachable? That is called freedom of speech.   Now, he also threatened to oppose candidates in future elections.  And, by the way, that was directed at Republicans like me who had  resolved to uphold the constitutional process and protect the electoral  college. Well, so what? That is called politics.   If we impeached every politician who gave a fiery speech to a crowd  of partisans, this Capitol would be deserted. That is what the  President did. That is all he did.   He specifically told the crowd to protest peacefully and  patriotically, and the vast majority of them did. But every movement  has a lunatic fringe. Suppressing free speech is not the answer.  Holding rioters accountable for their actions is the answer, and we  are.   If we prosecuted BLM and antifa rioters across the country with the  same determination these last 6 months, this incident might not have  happened at all.   Now, short of declaring war, the power of impeachment is the most  solemn and consequential act that Congress can take. To use it in this  manner, in the heat of the moment, with no hearings, no due process,  many Members phoning in their votes after a hastily called debate,  exactly 1 week before a new President is to take office, trivializes  this power to the point of caricature.   The Democrats have won everything in sight--the House, the Senate,  and the Presidency. In a republic, that calls for magnanimity by the  victors. Only in a banana republic does it call for vengeance.   Benjamin Franklin warned us that ``passion governs, and she never  governs wisely.'' In our passions this week, we have set some dangerous  new precedents that will haunt us for years to come. Yesterday, we  redefined intemperate speech as a physical incapacity requiring removal  from office. Today, we define it as a high crime and misdemeanor.   Well, the moment any Member of this body gives an impassioned speech  and the lunatic fringe of their movement takes license from it, be  prepared to answer to this new precedent that we establish today.   Now, I could cite plenty of provocative speeches made by Democrats  that directly preceded violence this summer, but we have already had  enough of that.   After 600,000 Americans had perished in the Civil War, Abraham  Lincoln appealed to the better angels of our nature. He said: With  malice toward none, with charity for all, let us bind up the Nation's  wounds. Those words were so important to the unity of our Nation they  are inscribed in marble at the Lincoln Memorial.   I cannot think of a more petty, vindictive, and gratuitous act than  to impeach an already defeated President a week before he is to leave  office. President-elect Biden's promise to heal the Nation becomes a  hollow mockery in the harsh reality of this unconstitutional act.   God help our country.   