 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, on voting rights, yesterday, this  Chamber had an opportunity to begin debate on protecting the voting  rights of American citizens. That right, essential to any democracy, is  under attack in ways we have not seen in generations.   Despite the obvious danger, Senate Republicans crushed any  opportunity this Chamber had to even begin a debate on the Freedom to  Vote Act. We didn't ask Republicans to sign their names to any policy.  We simply asked them to come to the table so the Senate can work as  intended, and they refused.   Let there be no mistake, Senate Republicans blocking debate yesterday  was their implicit endorsement of the horrid new voter suppression and  election subversion laws passed in conservative States across the  country. When they wouldn't debate, they said these horrid new laws  that suppress voters, that subvert our elections are OK.   It is ludicrous--ludicrous--for Republicans to pretend that the  Federal Government has no role to play in defense of our liberties. Of  course, it does. They should read the Constitution.   But despite Republican opposition, the fight to protect our democracy  is far from over in the U.S. Senate. Voting rights are too precious,  too fundamental to abandon because of obstruction from the minority.   As soon as next week, I am prepared to bring another proposal to the  floor, the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act.   The Voting Rights Act has historically been bipartisan, but following  the gutting of the law by recent Supreme Court rulings, the Voting  Rights Act needs to be restored, and the Senate ought to, at a minimum,  be permitted to debate.   The reflexive obstruction from Senate Republicans is not--is not--how  the Senate is supposed to work. Not long ago, this Chamber operated  differently, in a way more befitting the world's greatest deliberative  body: debate, compromise, amend, and legislate--all with the purpose of  helping the American people, even when people's views of how to do that  differed. There was a debate and amendment.   We need to restore that legacy. We need to work to restore the Senate  as the world's greatest deliberative body so we can better serve the  needs of our Nation. Republicans blocking one bill after another, even  from consideration, is not that.   The fight to protect our fundamental liberties is as old as the  country itself, and we can take note from the lessons of history. In  the aftermath of the Civil War, the majorities in Congress passed  transformative measures, like the 14th and 15th Amendments to the  Constitution--and other civil rights bills--expanding liberty to tens  of millions previously deprived of it.  [[Page S7136]]    These are some of the crowning achievements of this body, but if you  were in Congress back then, that is hardly how they were viewed by some  at the time. Back then, the minority party refused to provide even a  single vote to pass these laws--not even one. The minority condemned  them as partisan tools of the angry, vengeful north; a power grab.   The minority refused to come to the table, so the majority was  willing to act alone--act alone--to pass civil rights legislation. It  wasn't partisan; it was patriotic. Their actions made our democracy  stronger, and they were willing to do what was necessary, including  going it alone to defend our freedoms. Today, we feel the same way.   The question now before the Senate is how we will find a path forward  on protecting our freedoms in the 21st century. The Members of this  Chamber can take inspiration from the great patriots of the past who  put country over party, or they can cross their arms and watch as our  240-year-old experiment in democracy falls prey to the specters of  authoritarian control.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 339.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 342.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 364.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 365.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 366.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Finally, I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory  quorum calls for the cloture motions filed today, October 21, be waived  and that the cloture motions ripen at 11 a.m. on Tuesday, October 26.    I yield the floor.   