 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1280,  the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act.   With something as important as police reform, it is important to  garner many perspectives. The JUSTICE Act, legislation Senator Scott  and I introduced, is a product of my perspective as a law enforcement  officer from Minnesota and Senator Scott's perspective as a Black man  from South Carolina.   The JUSTICE Act increases body cameras and implements duty to  intervene and deescalation training. It improves hiring and recruitment  practices. It reinvigorates the principles of community policing to  rebuild the relationships between law enforcement officers and the  communities that they serve.   The JUSTICE Act, which received bipartisan support last Congress,  includes several critical provisions that are supported by Democrats:  the Walter Scott Notification Act, the National Criminal Justice  Commission Act, and the Closing the Law Enforcement Consent Loophole  Act. It even includes legislation that Vice President Harris  introduced, the Justice for Victims of Lynching Act.   Unfortunately, we are not considering the JUSTICE Act today. We are,  instead, once again, exploring political gamesmanship through H.R.  1280.   Now, when we voted on this legislation last year, the Democrats knew  it was dead upon passage, but my good friends and I in the Problem  Solvers Caucus decided that this conversation was too important to let  go. So we worked for months with Representatives from both sides of the  aisle, with Representatives from the Congressional Black Caucus, with  Representatives from law enforcement and legal backgrounds, on areas  where we could find compromise between the Justice in Policing Act and  my bill, the JUSTICE Act.   We discussed no-knock warrants, the 1033 program, use of force,  record retention, and so much more. We were making such great headway.  I truly believed that we could have put together a bipartisan package  of reforms for our American communities that have been calling for  change.   Unfortunately, the other side walked away. As the election drew near,  the priorities of my Democratic colleagues shifted. Their fight to  retain power became more important than providing police reform for the  American people.   So now we are here again, Mr. Speaker, to vote on the exact same bill  without a single change; a bill that has zero  [[Page H1055]]  input from Republicans, zero input or support from our law enforcement  community. And I will repeat that. Zero input or support from our law  enforcement community.    Mr. Speaker, this is a bill that will, no doubt, make  our communities less safe. We all want police reform and we all want  change, but until such time as we work together, this legislation is  just another messaging bill from my Democrat colleagues.   