 Madam President, today the Senate will vote on Kristen  Clarke's nomination to head the Department of Justice's Civil Rights  Division--one of the most powerful positions at the Department of  Justice. I will, of course, oppose her nomination.   We get a lot of partisan nominees around here. So that is not very  surprising. But Ms. Clarke isn't just partisan. She is extremely  partisan. She called Senator Murkowski ``shameful.'' She accused  Senator Manchin of being disingenuous. And she casually slandered 200-- 200--sitting, Senate-confirmed judges as ``white male extremists.'' If  confirmed for this position, she will be entrusted with representing  the U.S. Government in front of those very judges--not exactly a  credible advocate for our people, if you ask me.   Ms. Clarke's radicalism doesn't stop with ad hominem insults. It  thoroughly infects her professional judgment as well. Ms. Clarke has  consistently demonstrated that she is more interested in attacking  police and calling everybody a racist than finding the facts or  reviewing the evidence.   When it comes to racially incendiary cases, she proudly fans the  flames of division. Last year, she repeatedly--repeatedly--spread the  falsehood that Jacob Blake, who had a knife and was actively resisting  arrest, was, in fact, ``unarmed'' when he was shot by the police. In  part because of falsehoods like that one, riots engulfed the city of  Kenosha, WI.   She also claimed that Officer Darren Wilson, who shot and killed  Michael Brown in Ferguson, MO, was only exonerated ``based on racism.''  When I asked Ms. Clarke if she had reconsidered that unsubstantiated  opinion, she pretended not to know enough to answer the question, at  first, which is remarkable given that the shooting in Ferguson is one  of the most publicized and explosive cases in recent years; also  remarkable because she apparently knew enough to tar a grand jury of  normal American citizens as yes, once again, racist, but not enough to  answer simple questions.   Ms. Clarke's opinion on the Ferguson case sets her apart from other  staunch liberals like Vanita Gupta and Eric Holder. Both have  acknowledged that Officer Wilson was justified in the use of force,  echoing the Obama Department of Justice, which came to the very same  conclusion. In defiance of all evidence, in spite of her good friend  Ms. Gupta's views, Ms. Clarke still dissents from this conclusion. So I  cannot believe it--I am genuinely astonished--but Joe Biden has somehow  found a nominee more radical than Vanita Gupta. That is an impressive  accomplishment, one that should give Senators who supported Ms. Gupta  more than ample ground to oppose Ms. Clarke   Moreover, Ms. Clarke is a firm and, until very recently, a vocal  supporter of defunding the police. Ms. Clarke wrote an article less  than a year ago--not some college paper. Less than a year ago, Ms.  Clarke wrote an article with ``Defund the Police'' in the title. She  stated: ``Must invest less in police'' three times in the text of that  article. She also wrote: ``I advocate for defunding policing  operations.''  [[Page S3395]]    I don't know. Call me naive. Call me simple. When you write an  article entitled ``Defund the Police'' and when you say, ``[W]e must  invest less in the police'' and ``I advocate for defunding policing  options,'' it sounds to me like you support defunding the police. But,  apparently, I am wrong about that because when she was asked about this  at her hearing, Ms. Clarke denied--amazingly, denied--that she  supported defunding the police. She claimed that when she wrote that  ``we should defund the police,'' she actually meant that we should not  defund the police. Astoundingly, she blamed an editor for coming up  with the title to her piece but conveniently can't recall what an  alternative title she suggested would have been or whether she objected  to a title that was apparently the exact opposite of what she intended.   Now, maybe this shouldn't be surprising. After all, her article title  was ``I prosecuted police killings. Defund the Police--but be  Strategic.'' Apparently, the strategy is lying, because that is what we  saw at our committee.   We said: Ms. Clarke, the title of your article is ``Defund the  Police.''   Like, I didn't choose the title.   Ms. Clarke, you wrote three times in the story ``defund the police.''   She is like: I don't support defunding the police.   But, Ms. Clarke, you wrote here, as well, that we should invest less  in the police.   She is like: No, I don't think we should invest less; we should  invest more.   The old argument: It is not my dog. It didn't bite you. You kicked  him first.   Regardless of what she and her defenders might say, one thing is  crystal clear: A vote for Kristen Clarke is a vote to defund the  police.   Finally, not surprisingly, we come to Ms. Clarke's consistent  dishonesty, duplicity, and evasion throughout her hearing and written  statements. In one particularly bizarre incident, Ms. Clarke claimed in  her hearing that she was proud to have the endorsement of the National  Association of Police Organizations, a group which represents nearly a  quarter million law enforcement officers.   Now that would be big news, a huge endorsement. So I asked my staff  to get me a copy of the endorsement letter. It turns out they couldn't  because it doesn't exist.   Now, that is not good, but people misspeak all the time, especially  when under pressure. So I wanted to give Ms. Clarke a chance to correct  the record. I asked for clarity in a written question. Thankfully, Ms.  Clarke responded that she had misstated the facts.   OK. That is fine, I accept that explanation. Again, people misspeak.  No one is perfect. Yet imagine my surprise when I received an answer to  another written question that claimed almost verbatim the same thing  she had said in her hearing--that she was endorsed by this  organization.   She similarly responded to at least three other Senators that she was  endorsed by this organization, even after admitting just a few pages  earlier in her written answers that she had misstated that she had such  an endorsement. At that point, that is not a simple mistake. It is not  misspeaking. It is not a fib. It is totally and completely untrue in  written testimony to the U.S. Congress. Yet she has not apologized. She  has not acknowledged this blatant lie.   This episode sadly proves that she lacks the transparency and honesty  to be trusted in such an important position.   You know, my Democratic colleagues have, for the last 4 years,  endlessly lectured about the need for the Department of Justice to be  free from partisan politics and for it to be run by serious, competent  individuals. They seems to have a slightly different view today. From  her extremism to her lack of candor, Ms. Clarke is unfit to lead any  organization in the Department of Justice--indeed, simply to serve the  Department of Justice. If the Democratic Senators vote to confirm Ms.  Clarke, they will be responsible for every battle she wages in Joe  Biden's war on the police, and I will make sure that their voters know  about it   I yield the floor.   