 Mr. President, my colleagues, it is not a coincidence  that in 2020, gun sales in this country spiked by 40 percent. It is an  extraordinary increase in gun sales. And homicides in this country  increased by 30 percent. Violent crime is increasing in the country.  You can't miss that if you turn on the news at night.   And there can be no doubt that our Nation's gun laws--the loosest and  most loophole-ridden in the Nation--are a primary contributor to this  spike in gun crime.   I want to spend just a few minutes this afternoon making sure that  all of my colleagues understand that if we want to do something about  violent crime in this country, then you cannot continue to close your  eyes to the fact that we are allowing criminals all across this country  to traffic dangerous weapons that are being used in gun homicides.   First, let's burst the bubble of the gun lobby. Their primary  argument is that more guns keep people safer. Well,  [[Page S4883]]  that is not true. It has never ever been true. Study after study tells  you what your common sense should already tell you. In fact, one study  makes it very plain. On a nearly one-for-one basis, the more guns you  have in your community, the more crime you are going to have.   One study said this. What they found was that for communities that  saw a 1-percent increase in gun ownership--guess what they also saw. A  corresponding 1-percent increase in gun homicides. Thus, it should  surprise no one that as the number of guns increase in this country,  the number of gun crimes increase in this country.   Now, there are a lot of reasons for that. But, again, you don't have  to surge deep into the data to understand why. Let me give you just one  example.   A family I am pretty close to in Hartford, CT, a young man named  Shane Oliver was shot years ago right down the street from where I live  in the capital city. And he was in an argument with some young men  about things they said about his girlfriend, who happened to be with  him. It just so happened that there was an illegal gun sitting in the  front seat of one of these cars. An argument over a girl that in any  other high-income nation in the world would have, at worst, resulted in  some punches being thrown. In this neighborhood in Hartford, CT, it  resulted in a gun homicide.   Shane Oliver doesn't live on this Earth any longer. He was taken from  his parents, Pastor Sam Saylor and his wife Janet, when he was 20 years  old because there was an illegal gun that just happened to be sitting  in the front seat of a car. In almost any other country in the world,  there is not a gun sitting in the front seat of another 20-year-old's  car in the middle of Hartford, CT. Access to guns means more gun crime.   But here is the other problem. We know there has been a 40-percent  increase in gun sales. But those aren't just the sales that are  reported to the criminal background check system. What we know is that  somewhere around 20, 30 percent of all gun sales in this country don't  happen with a background check attached to it. Those are gun sales that  very often are going straight to criminals and straight to gun  traffickers.   So if there has been a 40-percent increase in background check  transfers, there has likely also been a 40-percent increase in the  number of guns that have been transferred to criminals and transferred  to gun traffickers, the people who are selling them to the folks who  are going to use them in gun violence.   Here is a study out of New York. The New York AG's office recently  reviewed aggregate gun trace information for about 5 years, and what  they found was that 74 percent of the recovered guns in New York-- normally recovered because they were used in a crime--came with a known  source State that wasn't New York. That is interesting, right?   Three-quarters of the guns that are being used in crimes in New York  aren't being bought in New York. There is a reason for that. You have  to go through a background check in New York if you want to buy a gun.  And if you are a criminal, you can't get a gun in New York at a gun  store because they have background checks and because they don't have  internet sales or gun show sales without background checks either.   What the AG's office also found was that half of the guns that came  from outside of New York came from six States--all six States with  really weak gun laws--meaning there is this very intentional iron  pipeline of guns in this country coming from States with no universal  background checks, places where gun traffickers can go and buy guns at  gun shows or online, and then bring them to States like New York or  Connecticut or New Jersey and sell them on the black market.   And what we also know is that there is a really short period of time  between when these guns are being purchased and when they are being  used in crimes, which shows an intentionality, which shows a very clear  commercial market around the purchase of guns in places without  background checks, the sale of those guns to potentially violent  individuals, and the commission of crimes.   Of the 1 million crime guns that were traced in this country between  2015 and 2019, more than one-third were used in a crime within just 3  years of their initial retail sale. This short time-to-crime timeline  is a strong indication that these guns were purchased with the intent  to divert them for criminal use.   So every year that goes by that we choose, as a Congress, to not  close these loopholes, to not simply say that if you are going to buy a  gun on a commercial market in the United States, you just have to prove  you are not a gun trafficker, is another year that we essentially  endorse and facilitate the murder of thousands and thousands of  Americans.   And there is a clear connection between this increase in gun sales  and this increase in criminal activity. Why? Because along with those  legal gun sales come all sorts of gun sales that do an end around on  the background check system.   Now, thank goodness President Biden is doing something about this  because there is a new loophole that criminals are taking advantage of,  the ghost gun loophole. In California, today, 30 percent of the  confiscated guns are unserialized. Think of that. Thirty percent of the  guns being confiscated in California today by the ATF have no serial  number on them. That is largely because of this new phenomena of ghost  guns that are assembled from a kit, not guns that are purchased at a  store   In Connecticut, a convicted felon who couldn't have bought a gun at a  gun store in Connecticut because he is a convicted felon used a ghost  gun to shoot his girlfriend's 15-year-old daughter and 16-year-old son  before turning the gun on himself. People who know they can't buy guns  in gun stores or online in a place like Connecticut that has universal  background checks are now assembling ghost guns and committing crimes.   The Biden administration is taking action, but so should we. I come  to the floor to share this with my colleagues because our constituents  are concerned about the rising rate of gun homicides in this Nation.  They expect us to do something about it. And I am not saying that there  is only one solution. I am not saying that changing our gun laws is the  only step that we should take to try to do something about the rising  rates of gun homicides in this country. There is a longer story as to  why people have become so desperate as to resort to gun violence in  order to mediate disputes or to project power.   But the prevalence of so many more guns in our country today than  just a year ago, the prevalence of so many more illegal guns due to  intentional choices made by this body is a big part of the story. And I  hope that we will be able to bring before this body bipartisan  legislation that will close those background check loopholes very soon  to give this body a chance to do something about the rising rates of  gun violence in this country.   