 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2467.   This misguided bill treats all PFAS chemicals the same way, creating  a de facto ban on many lifesaving products that Americans rely on.   By voting for this bill, my Democratic colleagues are ignoring the  science, including peer-reviewed research that clearly shows that  certain fluoropolymers, including some that have been used for more  than 50 years, do not present a concern for human health or the  environment.   Despite this evidence, my Democrat colleagues have refused to make  reasonable changes to this bill so that fluoropolymer chemicals used in  FDA-approved medical devices are not labeled hazardous substances under  CERCLA and the Clean Air Act.   Let me put it bluntly. By not exempting the fluoropolymers used in  medical devices already approved by  [[Page H3778]]  the FDA, you are denying people access to lifesaving products such as  heart valves for infants and grafts for aortic aneurysm repairs.   I ask my Democrat colleagues: Are you so opposed to all categories of  PFAS chemicals that you commit to refusing all medical devices and  drugs containing the fluoropolymers you are banning?   If you must have open-heart surgery, will you instruct your doctor to  avoid using any device or surgical instrument that has fluoropolymers  regardless of the implications for the outcome?   If your child or grandchild needs an FDA-approved heart valve, do you  commit to denying them that care since it contains fluoropolymers?   That is what you are trying to force on the general population with  this legislation.   Furthermore, this bill will put millions of Americans who have  already received medical devices containing fluoropolymers at risk. As  noted in committee by my colleague, Dr. Larry Bucshon, with the passage  of this bill, the FDA might have to designate all devices with any  fluoropolymers as hazardous and recall them.   There is bipartisan agreement on the need to protect the public from  harmful PFAS chemicals, but there is no rational reason why lifesaving  fluoropolymers could not be exempted.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this bill.   