 Mr. President, today, the Senate should confirm a  visionary scientist and thinker and one who will serve with distinction  as Director of the Science and Technology Policy.   Dr. Eric Lander represents the kind of new American pioneer, one  committed to exploring horizons defined not by the boundaries of land  and shore but of genes and genius, a pioneer who sees unanswered  questions not as barriers but as an expanse of possibility. He  exemplifies what it means to represent a place where scientific  progress is a part of our DNA.   Eric's breadth of knowledge, unparalleled experience, and innovative  spirit make him uniquely suited to lead. With Dr. Lander at the head of  the Office of Science and Technology Policy, all Americans will be his  students, sharing his passion for science, discovery, and achievement.   Dr. Lander started his career as a mathematician. He has taught  economics and has been one of the world's foremost biomedical  scientists for decades.   When I was a young boy who refused to do his homework, my mother  would threaten that she would donate my brain to Harvard as a  completely unused human organ. Somehow, she anticipated Dr. Lander and  his work on the Human Genome Project and founding of the Broad  Institute of MIT and Harvard, which reflect his deep understanding of  how science and policy can inform one another.   At the Broad Institute, he pursued collaborative science, bringing  together biologists, clinicians, chemists, engineers, and computational  scientists. The transformative model for scientific research that the  Broad Institute represents is a new way to take on the challenge that  we face today, bringing scientific discoveries and advances forward  more quickly than ever before.   His contribution to science has also demonstrated how impactful  research can be. The Human Genome Project was a 13-year-long project  that involved hundreds of scientists across the entire world. This  project is an incredible example of a publicly funded project that  keeps knowledge in the public domain and a feat that provided a model  for the kind of large-scale, cooperative effort that the world's  biggest problems require.   The Human Genome Project has also had an enormous economic impact,  with one analysis from 10 years ago estimating the $3 billion project  has produced more than 330,000 jobs and nearly $800 billion in economic  benefit.   Sequencing nearly the entire human genome has already led to  countless advances, a trend that is certain to continue into the  future. The project discovered genes that are fundamental to thousands  of diseases--including heart disease, Alzheimer's, and cancer--and  paved the way for novel treatments.   In addition to his groundbreaking research, he has taught MIT's  introductory biology course for more than 25 years and is one of MIT's  most beloved teachers. He has inspired students to grapple with complex  issues, helping them become informed and active members of their  communities. He has an ability to explain the science of why much  better than Senators can explain the political science of why not. That  ability to teach and to translate is more important than ever before.   I know Dr. Lander has the skill to rebuild the celebration of science  that is the hallmark of American excellence. When his country needed  him during the coronavirus pandemic, he moved to build from scratch to  operation the largest noncommercial COVID testing laboratory in the  country.   He has been a strong supporter of people of color in science and  improving racial equity in science outcomes. He has used science as a  tool for justice, playing a key role in the origins of the Innocence  Project, as his commitment to justice and forensic science has spanned  more than three decades.   The crises we face today of human and mind and the intersection of  those two forces are daunting. We are confronted by a surging China and  its race to dominate the scientific and technological landscape. That  is why we must confirm Dr. Lander without delay, so he can get to work  on behalf of the American people.   We have a chance tonight to give our country a leader in science and  technology, which we need at this critical time.   I urge all Members to give him your support on the floor this  evening.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   