 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Lucas and the  chairwoman of the full committee, Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson. With this  bill, the two of them have perfectly demonstrated how a committee can  actually function--even with occasional disagreements--to prioritize  shared goals and produce truly great bipartisan products. They are to  be congratulated.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3593, the  Department of Energy Science for the Future Act.   After over a decade of budget requests, hearings, stakeholder input,  and information-gathering, I say with a sigh of relief and a great deal  of joy that the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology has a  bipartisan and comprehensive Office of Science authorization.   Although it has taken a little longer than I would have expected, it  couldn't come at a better time. America's scientific enterprise has  never faced a more serious threat from global competition than it does  right now--today.   Innovative science discoveries and advance technology development  aren't just aspirations; they are the actual key to our national  security, as well as our economic prosperity. That is because  innovation and technology are exactly what the Chinese Communist Party  has prioritized in its goal to overtake the United States of America as  a global leader in industries of the future.   Mr. Speaker, if we want to maintain our key edge in technology areas,  like quantum information science and artificial intelligence, and  combat the threat of another country controlling the development of  those cutting-edge technologies and standards, we must take action now.   Mr. Speaker, the solution is really quite simple. We have to invest  in American innovation. Just that simple. We must invest in our  facilities and our research right here in the United States so that we  can ensure the United States remains the global leader in science.   How exactly we go about that might be the subject of some debate, but  I fully believe that the bill that we have before us today is the best  course of action.   The Department of Energy's Office of Science has time and time again  demonstrated that basic science research is the most effective way to  encourage development of those new technologies. And as the largest  Federal sponsor of basic research in the physical sciences, with  unparalleled research capabilities and infrastructure, the Office of  Science and its national laboratories are uniquely equipped to help  America compete.   By authorizing cutting-edge research programs with a responsible,  scalable funding increase and a strategic roadmap for DOE, federally  funded discoveries made through the Office of Science will pave the way  for both public and private American innovators to license technologies  and to launch those startups.   Mr. Speaker, in addition, the Office of Science research in materials  and chemical science, biological and environmental research, and fusion  energy will not only maintain our lead in science, but will also lay  the foundation for the next generation of clean, secure, and exportable  energy technologies. Don't miss that: Clean, exportable, and secure  technologies.   Maximizing the Office of Science's role in our Federal research  enterprise is how we win. This great legislative body and the Federal  Government as a whole cannot and will not duplicate a nonmarket economy  by forcing mandates and regulations. Instead, we can arm our dynamic  private sector with the tools necessary to commercialize sustainable,  affordable, and scalable energy solutions. Again, don't miss that.   Through the DOE Science of the Future Act, we are prioritizing  critical research areas and investing in the science and technology  that will drive development of those technologies into the next  generation. This will allow America's economy to thrive while reducing  global emissions and allowing market-based solutions to flourish. Don't  miss that.   Robust and consistent support for the Office of Science is crucial to  the success and security of the U.S. innovation ecosystem, U.S. energy  independence, and U.S. security.   Mr. Speaker, this bill does that in a clear, streamlined fashion. It  is not bogged down by outside interests or unrelated provisions. We  won't just keep up with China and other foreign adversaries; we will  outpace them and lead, just like the United States of America has  always done.   That is a good thing. That is a very good thing, by the way.  [[Page H3220]]    Mr. Speaker, I take a moment to thank the many stakeholders who have  worked so hard to get this critical legislation done right. Hats off to  all of them.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. It is a great  one. It is high time we had this one on the floor.   