 Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss winners and losers under  President Biden's policies.   When I was a kid playing eight-man football for the Quinter Bulldogs  in rural Kansas, there wasn't much room for debate on the winners and  losers of the game. You either won or you didn't. You either scored  more touchdowns, more 2-point conversions, and got more tackles than  the other team, or you didn't. Plain and simple.   The same is true with America today. President Biden's progressive  policies make for very clear winners and very clear losers. Consider  these three examples:   Winner number one: Communist China. Loser: America.   On January 31, 2020, America received warning that the coronavirus  had possibly been engineered in the Wuhan Institute of Virology in  Wuhan, China. In late 2020, America began investigating the link  between the spread of the coronavirus and the Wuhan lab. In one of his  first acts as President, Joe Biden prematurely ended the investigation  into the Wuhan lab.   Now, with new, insurmountable evidence that the coronavirus could  have been engineered in the Wuhan lab, President Biden and Speaker  Nancy Pelosi refuse to investigate the origins of COVID-19 even with  overwhelming support for an investigation. On top of that, President  Biden refuses to stop American taxpayer-funded research at that very  Wuhan lab.   It has been more than a year since the pandemic shut down the  country. Today, nationwide, coronavirus cases have dramatically  decreased. America is finally getting back to normal. Businesses across  the country are ready to reopen and welcome back customers.  Unfortunately, President Biden's bonus, the new monthly unemployment  checks being distributed on top of the already existing unemployment  checks, is paying a premium for workers to remain at home rather than  finding work. The data doesn't lie. There are nearly 8 million job  openings in America right now, a new record. I have heard from  countless small business owners in the Big First who cite the Biden  bonus as the reason they cannot find workers and completely reopen.   While Communist China covers up COVID-19, President Biden is denying  science, keeping people unemployed, and hurting America's prosperity.  Under President Biden's policies, America loses.   Winner two: The Mexican cartels. Loser: America.   President Biden created a full-scale crisis at our southern border.  He promised outright citizenship to more than 11 million illegal  immigrants, placed a moratorium on deportations, and halted border wall  construction.   These lax policies lure drug cartels, who in turn make hundreds of  millions of dollars exploiting children. The cartels will even throw  migrant children in the Rio Grande as a distraction, to avoid being  apprehended. The daily average of unaccompanied minors crossing the  southern border has skyrocketed since President Biden took office.   These policies also create chaos for Americans living near the  border. American farmers and ranchers on the border are forced to check  their livestock in the daylight, as it is too dangerous for them to  leave their homes at night. American families are keeping their kids  indoors at all hours of the day. American law enforcement officers and  Border Patrol are overworked and shorthanded.   Meanwhile, President Biden and Vice President Harris have yet to  visit the border and refuse to secure our country and enforce  immigration laws. Under President Biden's policies, America loses.   Winner three: Socialism. Loser: America.   Just a few weeks ago, later than any other President in a transition  year, President Biden released his $6 trillion  [[Page H3076]]  budget. The budget is the most egregious, most shortsighted, and  costliest budget America has ever seen.   President Biden's budget is a progressive wish list in disguise. He  wants us funding the Green New Deal, spending $174 billion on subsidies  to the electric car market and $40 billion to retrain employees who  lost their jobs after he blocked the Keystone Pipeline, all in an  attempt to replace the oil and gas industry. He wants $63.5 billion for  international spending, but none for America's longtime ally, Israel,  clearly bowing to Democrats on their record of anti-Semitic language  and slurs. And he refuses to protect our dollars from being spent on  abortions, removing a pro-life protection that 77 percent of Americans  support and a protection even Biden supported for years before his  Presidential campaign.    While socialists are pleased with Biden's latest spending spree, the  economic disaster to follow will cripple American families' purchasing  power and leave future generations with the crushing burden of the  national debt. Under President Biden's policies, America loses.   Sadly, the greatest loser in all of this is our freedom, the freedom  to open our businesses and make a living when we choose, the freedom to  own land without the fear of a land grab, the freedom for law-abiding  Americans to own and use firearms, the freedom to live out our faith  without being persecuted by the government, the freedom to speak freely  on college campuses, and the freedom to win.   Our Founding Fathers ensured that these freedoms do not flow from a  king, another country, or government, and they never will. Under  freedom, America always wins.   