 Madam President, today I am proud to join my colleague  Senator Coons in relaunching the bipartisan Senate ALS Caucus.   Currently, there are no effective treatments or cures available to  stop or slow the disease, and we still do not know what really causes  ALS.   More than 5,000 Americans are diagnosed each year. Yet there is no  ALS survivor community. Individuals diagnosed with ALS and their loved  ones rely on their elected officials to advocate on their behalf.   That is why the mission of the Senate ALS Caucus is to raise  awareness about the difficulties faced by ALS patients and their  families and to advance policies that improve their quality of life to  advocate for meaningful research.   May also marks ALS Awareness Month. Last Congress, Senator Coons and  I introduced and passed a resolution to designate May 2020 as ALS  Awareness Month. This effort, like the ALS Caucus, will raise awareness  about the impact of ALS on those who are diagnosed, their loved ones,  and their caregivers.  [[Page S2432]]    I look forward to reintroducing again here in May 2021 the awareness  month for ALS, and I hope my colleagues will help to pass this  resolution again this year.   There is more to be done, though, in really battling ALS. Promising  therapies that have demonstrated clinical safety and efficacy are on  the horizon for those with ALS. Failure to approve those promising  treatments means the difference between life and premature death for  these patients, and, sadly, the paradigm of the past has been to not be  erring on the side, when there is a promising treatment, to push it  through the system. Sadly, it has been indicative of what happens often  in this place, and that is that you belabor it, you stretch it out,  and, in this case, it has a much different consequence   Patients with ALS have been very clear that they are willing to take  a higher degree of risk to have access to these treatments at an  earlier point in time.   In September 2019, the FDA issued new guidance on developing drugs  for ALS, which touted regulatory flexibility when applying the standard  of safety and efficacy to drugs or diseases with serious, unmet medical  needs. FDA guidance has been an empty promise, and patients with ALS  lack flexible regulatory pathways to promising treatments as a result.   Indicative, in a way, of what I mentioned earlier, where we seem to  always be aware of those kinds of issues, we tell the Agencies that  might be involved, and then there is that natural tendency toward  inertia.   For example, Amylyx, a pharmaceutical company focused on developing  ALS treatments, announced clinical trial results of a promising  treatment that slowed the progression of the disease and increased  survival by 6 months. It may not seem like a long time, but when you  take into consideration from the point of diagnosis to the point of  dying from ALS, that is a lot of time, and the benefit of the doubt,  when you have a promising clinical trial, needs to be given to the  patient so that they have some hope.   Europeans and Canadians have put a dynamic into place that would be  quicker footed than our own FDA's. We need to take that as some  guidance.   Unfortunately, the FDA has expressed the need for additional clinical  trials before allowing patients to access these drugs in the United  States. This means Americans with ALS will not receive access when they  can see others in Canada and Europe being able to.   We need to get with it, and when you have the condition of no  effective treatment and it is working in other places, we need to give  the benefit of the doubt.   It is failing to use its flexibility, and we have just seen--and I  witnessed, all of us did, with the coronavirus--FDA, CDC squabbling out  of the gate about what to do with coronavirus.   Thank goodness we did do something that was going to change that  dynamic. We would still be wrestling over a vaccine if it had been  business as usual.   So it is clear here, for even a better reason, that nothing is out  there that is working, promising things on the horizon. We need to do  better. That is why I will be reintroducing the Promising Pathway Act,  the legislative solution to give those struggling with life-threatening  illnesses, like ALS, a fighting chance of access to timely, meaningful  treatments, especially when they are overwhelmingly wanting it, willing  to take the risk.   The Promising Pathway Act would require the FDA--require the FDA--to  establish a rolling, realtime priority review to evaluate the progress  and not make it subjective, the way it is now, to where they can do  what they have been doing, and that is dragging their feet.   Under this pathway, provisional approval would be granted by the FDA  to drugs demonstrating substantial evidence of safety and relevant  evidence of positive therapeutic outcomes, like those demonstrated in  Amylyx's clinical trials.   It is right here. We just need to do it, and you are going to be  doing what ALS patients would prefer.   This also encourages further research and clinical trials in not only  ALS, but this, of course, should apply to other diseases that are  similar where we are still wrestling, in clinical trials, with the  ability to get these across the finish line. But it does strengthen the  FDA's postmarket surveillance, which is another important thing for  patient safety, and grants access to promising treatments covered by  insurance.   To my colleagues, it is time to roll up our sleeves and to work to  advance policies that improve the quality of ALS patients. I encourage  every Member to lean in on this, to be a part of it, so that we can  help people that have no other hope.   It is up to us to speak for those who can no longer speak, to stand  up for those who can no longer stand.   I am grateful to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who are  returning members of the ALS Caucus, and I welcome those who are new to  the caucus this Congress.   As the ALS Caucus continues to grow its membership, our commitment to  the mission of the ALS Caucus and the ALS community is strengthened  along the way.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   