 Thank you, Chief Demings. Law enforcement families know  the prayer from Matthew, chapter 5, verse 9, ``Blessed are the  peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God.''   And blessed are the California police officers who lost their lives  in 2020: Oscar Walter Rocha from my district in Alameda County, Daniel  Lopez Mendoza, III; Andy Ornelas, Efren Coronel, Jose Cruz Mora, Jr.,  Angel De La Fuente, Larry D. Crom, Donald Keith Sumner, Virgil Lynn  Thomas, Harry M. Cohen, Terrell Don Young, Daniel Gene Walters, Damon  Christopher Gutzwiller, and MaryLou Hernandez Armer, as well as Pat  Underwood of the Federal Protective Services.   As a member of a law enforcement family, when we say good-bye to each  other on the phone, we always say, ``I love you,'' but we also say,  ``Be safe,'' because we know what our law enforcement officers  encounter when they go into a domestic violence call or make a police  stop in an area where there have been robberies, gang violence, drugs.   In Oakland, California, four officers were killed in a matter of  minutes after a police stop, when I was a prosecutor for the Alameda  County District Attorney's office. We know the risk they face.   I have a family member who has been shot at and was told that from  such a point blank nature he is lucky to be alive.   We are grateful for the sacrifices of law enforcement. We also  recognize that the best way to protect the best cops is to make sure  that we put in place reforms to take care of those who  [[Page H2253]]  do not meet the standards that we expect from law enforcement.   We are committed in this Chamber to work to pass the George Floyd  Justice in Policing Act to make sure that we protect our cops on the  streets and we protect those in the community who they also promise and  swear an oath to protect.   This police week, let me also just urge my colleagues across the  aisle, who I know are sincere when they want to stand up for police  officers, to recognize that the police officers who walk the beat in  these halls are hurting, and they are grieving, and what happened on  January 6 has not just passed, and when they hear colleagues in this  Chamber say, as one said today that January 6 looked like any other  normal tourist visit to the Capitol, that really hurts them. That hurts  their families. It is an insult to their service, and we must do  better, because backing the blue doesn't just mean backing the blue who  back you, it means backing the blue who protect this Chamber and  protect our democracy.   