 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Smucker) for yielding.   Madam Speaker, the violence that occurred in the Capitol today was  shameful, unacceptable, and un-American. We are a nation of laws, not  lawlessness, and we will never give in to the mob.   Thank you to the men and women of our Capitol Police and other law  enforcement agencies who heroically defended this building.   The criminal behavior we witnessed today does not erase the facts  before us.  [[Page H104]]    I am objecting to the certification of Pennsylvania's electoral votes  because Governor Tom Wolf, Secretary of State Kathy Boockvar, and the  Pennsylvania Supreme Court violated the State legislature's clear  constitutional authority to set election proceedings.   Under the Pennsylvania Constitution, only the General Assembly has  the power to set election law.   Additionally, Article II of the U.S. Constitution explicitly grants  State legislatures, not the Governor acting alone and not the courts,  the explicit power to determine the manner of appointing Presidential  electors.   Pennsylvania's court unlawfully extended the deadline to receive  absentee and mail-in ballots. Governor Wolf's administration dismissed  signature authentication procedures for absentee and mail-in ballots,  allowed for the uneven administration of the election across counties,  and unilaterally changed Pennsylvania's election code without the State  legislature's consent.   The Constitution is clear and the facts are indisputable.   This past weekend, each Member of this body stood in this Chamber and  swore an oath to protect and defend our Constitution. I intend to  fulfill my constitutional oath which the people of Pennsylvania have  entrusted in me. My objection is grounded in the Constitution and rule  of law.   If we allow the Governor to violate the constitutional rights of the  General Assembly, what is stopping him from violating the  constitutional rights of the 12.8 million Pennsylvanians our State  legislators were elected to represent?   