 Mr. President it is an honor to be here. They say that  making law is like making sausage. But I have seen sausage made, and it  is a prettier process, and it is a lot easier. But this has been a lot  more rewarding. I have enjoyed the time we have had together.   My good friend from West Virginia talked about how much money we are  spending here, how big this is. But let me note something, underscore  something: This is paid for. This is not going to raise taxes on  people. This is, instead, taking some money that was already  appropriated, not used for COVID relief. We are going to bring that  back and use it to help build infrastructure.   This is a bill which is paid for, and it gives the American people  something that they desperately need, and that is an upgrade in our  infrastructure.   Now, of course, you know it was several months ago that this group  came together. We call ourselves affectionately the G-10. Senator  Portman and Senator Sinema have shown enormous patience and persistence  and resolve getting this across the finish line. I want to thank also  particularly Senator Capito for laying out the foundation for what we  proposed at the very beginning, which we built upon and has led to the  final piece of legislation.   As has been said, neither side got everything we wanted. There are a  bunch of things in this bill I don't like, I would take out. There are  things in this bill I know my Democratic friends don't like and would  take out. But the nature of getting work done in Washington is to be  able to come up with something that has enough good for both that we  actually get it done. And the American people have been waiting one  President after another after another, saying let's improve our  infrastructure, and it just doesn't get done. This time, we have.   Now, I know that Republicans had a choice here. We could let the  Democrats just do something on their own. With reconciliation, they  could have spent trillions of dollars without any of our help. But the  President and the leaders of the Democratic Party here and our friends  said: No, let's work together and see if we can do something  collectively.   Now, I know Members of both parties have mischaracterized our efforts  as somehow linked to paving the way to the Democrats' $3.5 trillion  wish list. If you don't think our Democratic friends are going to push  for that monstrosity with or without this bill, then I have a bridge in  Brooklyn to sell you. They are going to push for that anyway. This is a  separate piece of legislation. I love this one. I hate that one. These  are two very different things, and there is going to be an effort,  obviously, to stop that bill from going forward.   This is not perfect. It is paid for.   I want to note as well that if the Democrats would have written the  bill entirely on their own, Utah would probably have ended up on the  short end of the stick. But because of our involvement in this effort,  some of our rural States like mine have been able to have a seat at the  table, and that means limiting the spending on bad policy that only  benefits the rich coastal cities in the East and the far West. So I am  proud of this bill because it benefits Americans across the country.   For decades, elected officials have talked about addressing our  Nation's infrastructure. This infrastructure bill turns that talk into  reality without raising taxes on hard-working Americans or adding to  our debt.   I am proud of my colleagues. It has been fun working with them. It  was challenging from time to time, I am sure, to have to listen to me,  they would tell you, but I am proud of what we did together, and I urge  my colleagues to support it.   Now, I would respectfully request that we yield just a minute more to  Senator Portman.   