 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend and classmate,  Chairman Takano, for his tremendous leadership as well as the  leadership of the ranking member and all of the distinguished members  of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2093, the Veterans and  Family Information Act, a bipartisan bill that will serve those who  have served our Nation with distinction. This commonsense legislation  would improve non-English language accessibility for veterans, their  families, and caregivers.   The Veterans Benefits Administration provides critical information to  all veterans about their benefits that have been hard earned, including  service-connected disability benefits, home loans, vocational  rehabilitation, employment information, and how to access assistance  for trauma.   For veterans of limited English proficiency, there is no guarantee  that this critical information is made available in their primary  language, thereby creating barriers for them and for their families.   As Chairman Takano indicated, there are over 500,000 foreign-born  veterans that live in the United States, and additionally 1.9 million  veterans who are the U.S.-born children of foreign-born parents.   Not only are our veterans increasingly diverse in terms of country of  origin, but tens of thousands of veterans have self-identified to the  VA that they speak English less than well.   In the most recent survey conducted, the VA also found that  minorities, people of color, and language minorities comprise  approximately 24 percent of the total veteran population in the United  States.   Every single veteran deserves consistent, clear, and equal access to  any and all information that the VA offers, regardless of their English  proficiency. They have all served this country well.   The Veterans and Family Information Act would direct the Department  of Veterans Affairs to make versions of   [[Page H2774]]  all of its fact sheets available in the 10 most commonly spoken  languages other than English in the United States, including Spanish  and Tagalog.    I would like to thank the lead cosponsor of this bill, Representative  Young Kim, for her extraordinary leadership and partnership in this  effort, as well as, again, the chair, ranking member, and all of the  distinguished members of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 2093.   