 Madam Speaker, I look forward to maybe more  contested Army-Navy games in the near term.   Madam Speaker, in our battle against our internal demons, there is  nothing more powerful than veterans helping other veterans. I rise  today to discuss the need to support our veterans battling post- traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury, otherwise known  as TBI. Prior to coming to Congress I served in the U.S. Navy as an F/ A-18 strike fighter pilot. I served from the age of 18 until the age of  36. I was honored to fly combat missions during the first 6 months of  Operation Iraqi Freedom over the skies of Baghdad, Fallujah and Tikrit  in 2001 in support of our soldiers and marines on the ground.   As a veteran myself, I understand that individuals serving in the  military or those who have served often take pride in their ability to  compartmentalize things or to compartmentalize events in their minds.  This is how we cope. But during my journey I lost too many friends, and  many of them to suicide, because they thought they were able to  compartmentalize when in reality they needed the help.   When someone makes a decision to leave the military, they often think  that by going back to the real world they will lose their experiences  and that the memories that terrorize many of us will come off with the  uniform. This simply could not be further from the truth. The memories  are always there weighing on you mentally, physically, and emotionally.  This is why it is crucial that we raise awareness for those dealing  with PTSD or TBI.    The mental toughness taught in the military does not mean staying  silent or not reaching out for help. Instead, I believe that receiving  help and talking with a professional or a fellow veteran shows  resilience. It shows you are longing to heal, Madam Speaker, so you can  be a better spouse and you can be a better parent and a better friend.  That is what real toughness looks like.   It is abundantly clear that there is a dire need to improve access to  the critical mental health resources for our veterans battling PTSD and  TBI. This is what H.R. 1476 does. And I commend Representative Zeldin  for introducing the bipartisan bill, the PFC Joseph P. Dwyer Peer  Support Program Act, which would establish a peer-to-peer support  program for military veterans suffering from PTSD and TBI.   Private First Class Joseph P. Dwyer, an Iraq war veteran, is just one  example of a life taken too soon because of PTSD acquired during his  time of service. There is a bond amongst those who have served that  cannot be broken, and this program will create efforts that take into  account this bond and this friendship and this kinship, and it provides  a way for veterans to heal alongside one another.   Madam Speaker, I strongly support this legislation and encourage  others to do the same. Our precious warriors deserve our support. Our  precious warriors and their families need our support.   God bless all those who serve.   