 Mr. Speaker, this bill is about accountability. It is  about leaving no American behind. The safety of our Nation depends on  our heroes who are willing to raise their hands and put their own lives  on the line regardless of if they are at home or abroad.   Tragically, a current loophole in Federal law has allowed the killers  of Jaime Zapata, a Texan and American hero, to escape the murder  convictions and sentences that they were found guilty for, and justice  must be served.   In 2011, as you heard the details already, Mr. Speaker, let's  reiterate the two ICE agents, Jaime Zapata as well as Victor Avila,  were deployed to Mexico to curb human and drug trafficking at our  southern border. The two were ambushed and gunned down by members of a  Mexican drug cartel who opened fire on them along Highway 57. Both  agents were struck, and Jaime Zapata tragically died from his injuries.   Weeks after the ambush, seven of these killers were extradited to the  United States, and two were found guilty of murder. But last year, a  Federal appeals court dismissed the murder convictions on the basis  that the district court did not have jurisdiction over the crimes that  were committed against those law enforcement agents who were stationed  outside of our borders.   This is unacceptable, as has been mentioned. Anyone who attacks a  U.S. Federal agent who is protecting our country, whether at home or  abroad, must be held accountable and must be brought to justice.   I am proud to support this legislation to work with my colleagues  across the aisle, and I am proud of the bipartisanship that Ms. Jackson  Lee, Mr. Cuellar, and so many others have brought forward today. It is  very important. Again, this goes to the heart of accountability, and it  goes to the heart of leaving no American behind.   I appreciate also the leadership of Senators John Cornyn and Chris  Coons on this very important initiative. Our country's heroes deserve  to know that those of us in Congress in a bipartisan way will hold  those to account who break the law. It is so important for us to stand  by law enforcement, especially those who are willing to give their all  outside of our borders.   