 Madam Speaker, I rise today to ask that this body  consider H.R. 18, a bill that would make the Hyde amendment permanent.  The Hyde amendment ensures Federal tax dollars are not spent on  murdering innocent babies. It has enjoyed bipartisan support for over  40 years now.   But now the Hyde amendment is under attack because my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle have shifted so far to the left that they  apparently don't feel human life is worth fighting for.   Here in Congress, we have a duty to our constituents to consider  legislation on the most pressing issues of our time. But so far we have  been blocked from voting or even debating on this critical legislation.   I will never give up in fighting for the most vulnerable among us,  and I will also speak up for those who can't speak for themselves.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committees on Energy  and Commerce, Ways and Means, and the Judiciary be discharged from  further consideration of H.R. 18, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my amendment to  H.R. 4502, which would block the IRS from targeting people or groups  based on their political beliefs.   Unelected bureaucrats at the IRS have a history of weaponizing their  power to go after conservatives. Mr. Speaker, you may recall the Lois  Lerner scandal that happened during the Obama-Biden administration. In  that case, the IRS targeted conservative groups by subjecting their  application for tax-exempt status to increased and unnecessary  scrutiny, effectively trying to silence their political beliefs.   Now, as President Biden, Joe Biden, has made it clear, his  administration will weaponize big tech to go after conservatives, too.  There is a trend here, and Congress must act. People and organizations  should not be silenced because of their political beliefs.   If it can happen to conservatives, then it can happen to liberals  too, so every Member in this body has a duty to protect their  constituents from potential IRS abuse. My amendment would help make  sure things like the Lois Lerner scandal never happen again at the IRS.  [[Page H4078]]    Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in voting for this  commonsense amendment.   Ms. DeLauro. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 45 seconds.   Mr. Speaker, the amendments en bloc includes a number of proposals  offered by Members on both sides of the aisle. It includes amendments  offered by Democrats and Republicans, and several offered jointly by  Members of both parties on which the vast majority of this body can  agree.    Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this bipartisan amendments en bloc,  and I reserve the balance of my time.   