 Madam Speaker, farmworkers toil under  difficult and dangerous conditions for long hours and low pay to ensure  America has a safe and plentiful food supply.   Because of the scarcity of domestic farm labor, for decades, the  agricultural sector has depended largely on the labor of migrant  workers. The vast majority of crop workers in the United States were  not born here and are undocumented or here on guest visas. Though these  workers perform incredibly difficult work under hazardous conditions,  they are often unable to seek recourse when their rights are violated.  A pathway to citizenship, when accompanied by appropriate oversight  measures, could help reduce these dedicated workers' justifiable fear  of reprisal for asserting their rights. Farmworkers are integral to our  communities and our economy. Creating a pathway to citizenship for  these individuals--who work to feed us and our country year after  year--as well as their families is both an economic and humanitarian  necessity.   I support legalization of vulnerable, undocumented workers and a path  to citizenship. However, in exchange for legalization for some  undocumented farmworkers, this bill would depress labor standards for  H-2A workers. Because weakened labor standards for H-2A workers could  adversely impact the domestic workforce, this bill could negatively  impact the economic security of all farmworkers.   Wage cuts for many H-2A workers in turn would depress wages for all  farmworkers. The adverse effect wage rate (AEWR), which is often the  binding wage paid to H-2A workers, is designed to ensure that wages  paid to H-2A workers do not depress wages for U.S. farmworkers. This  means the AEWR must be high enough to reflect wages paid in the local  labor market. This bill would change the way the AEWR is currently  calculated over the first ten years to reflect average wages paid to  farmworkers in the region according to their specific occupation,  rather than the average wage paid to farmworkers across all  occupations. However, the bill fails to require the use of data that  actually reflects local wage conditions. Additionally, while setting  limitations on how much AEWR wages can decrease after  [[Page H1560]]  an initial one-year freeze, the bill imposes caps on wage increases  from year to year, limiting whether AEWR can truly reflect wages paid  in the local labor market.   As a result of these changes to the AEWR, the majority of H-2A  workers would see their wages actually go down, albeit modestly, while  others would see the growth in their wages capped. I have opposed  similar efforts proposed by the Trump Administration that would depress  wages.   This year, I was pleased to lead House efforts to include an increase  to the federal minimum wage in the House-passed American Rescue Plan  (H.R. 1319). While those minimum wage provisions did not ultimately  survive Senate budget reconciliation rules, I will continue to push for  H.R. 603, the Raise the Wage Act, which would gradually raise the  federal minimum wage to $15 per hour by 2025. I am confident that in  the next ten years, we will enact a meaningful increase in the federal  minimum wage, boosting wages for workers across our nation--including  farmworkers. However, I am concerned that H.R. 1603, Farm Workforce  Modernization Act of 2021, will create artificial barriers to wage  growth, or worse, lead to wage cuts, continuing to leave farmworkers  relegated to low pay and economic insecurity.   Our country's wage and hour laws are designed to ensure that workers  are guaranteed a fair day's pay for a fair day's work. But this right  is only as strong as a worker's ability to hold employers accountable,  especially in court. Unfortunately, this bill creates obstacles that  may delay farmworkers' ability to access their day in court, when they  have been victims of wage theft. While I welcome extending coverage of  the Migrant and Seasonal Agricultural Worker Protection Act (MSPA) to  H-2A workers, adding a mediation requirement to both the MSPA and the  Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) is problematic. This bill enables  employers to impose three months of mandatory mediation when an H-2A  worker brings a civil suit under these laws, even if the worker does  not consent to the mediation and wants his or her day in court. This  undermines the voluntary nature of mediation and provides bad actors  with an avenue for delaying or denying wage recovery. This delay could  prove significant for farmworkers who may be in this country for a  limited amount of time to participate in litigation. This is especially  fraught given that, in contrast to MSPA, the FLSA provides for recovery  of unpaid wages and liquidated, or double, damages and recovery of  attorney's fees, plus costs. This provision may also pull domestic  farmworkers or other visa classifications of workers into required  mediation where there are collective or class actions, thereby  undermining incentives for other workers to join with H-2A workers to  seek redress.   Last Congress, I supported the passage of H.R. 1423, the FAIR Act, to  ban forced arbitration in many areas, including employment, because it  could delay or totally block workers' access to courts. We should  promote legislation that protects workers' fundamental right to have  their day in court, not delay it.   This bill denies newly legalized farmworkers and their families  access to key social safety net programs. Denial of benefits that can  promote economic stability, coupled with the bill's wage suppressing  provisions, threatens to create a long-term pool of economically  vulnerable workers. While most of these individuals do not currently  have access to these benefits due to their immigration status, leaving  immigrant workers who are granted legal status under this legislation  without access to social safety net programs establishes a dangerous  precedent that access to health care and other basic necessities can be  traded away for a path to legal status.   This legislation weakens the current recruitment and hiring standards  for U.S. farmworkers. A reduction in employers' obligations to hire  U.S. workers under this bill will undermine one of the core principles  of the H-2A program: that H-2A workers should fill in gaps in the farm  workforce that U.S. employers are truly unable to fill, rather than  merely replacing U.S. workers that employers could attract with  reasonable efforts. I raised concerns with similar efforts to modify  recruitment standards by the Trump Administration in 2019.   Agricultural work is hazardous, and workers in this sector have few  legal health and safety protections. Ensuring that H-2A workers and all  farmworkers have safe, healthy working conditions is critical. I am  pleased that this bill requires H-2A employers to maintain heat illness  prevention plans and requires H-2A employers in the dairy industry to  maintain workplace safety plans. However, as presently written, some  provisions are ambiguous and would be difficult to enforce; other  provisions have weak minimum requirements that would limit their value.  As this legislation moves forward, I would urge the inclusions of  stronger health and safety standards.   Strong labor protections are vital to protect both H-2A workers, who  are vulnerable given their temporary status, and domestic farmworkers,  whose employers may be disincentivized to provide employment. This is  especially true given that farmworkers have historically been carved  out of labor and employment laws, leaving these workers with fewer wage  protections and rights to bargain for better working conditions.   While this bill does make some improvements in immigration law, I  look forward to supporting a version of this bill that more accurately  reflects strong labor standards.   