 Thank you, Senator Hawley.   This was an easy one. Over the weekend, the Wall Street Journal gave  us some news. We have had a cascade of others weighing in now, where  this is maybe an epiphany that some have had that we need to look  further into the roots.   Look at what our country has gone through. It has been a year and a  quarter, and it has ravaged not only the United States but the world.  And why, for the sake of simple transparency, wouldn't we want to get  to the root cause of it?   The World Health Organization made an attempt at it. It was not  effective. It looked to me like it was apologizing for what might have  occurred in China.   President Biden finally has said that we need to put more light and  attention on this. So thank goodness, for whatever the reason, we are  going to get to the bottom of it. When it has caused this much grief  across our country and across the world, it needs to be done.   The intelligence communities in our own country are storing  information that needs to be revealed to the American public. It needs  to be revealed to anyone who can look at it to make sense out of what  has happened.   So our bill is very simple.   Since I have been in the Senate, whether it is weighing in on issues  of healthcare, national security, COVID-19--who disagrees with  transparency, the sunshine that reveals everything?   I was in a committee hearing. And when you get the two individuals  whom we have relied on mostly in this whole journey, Dr. Fauci and Dr.  Collins, first acknowledging that transparency is paramount, and that,  yes, we should declassify this information, and when we have listened  to them help navigate us through this tricky journey, and they tell us  earlier today, ``Give us the information,'' I think that is why here,  this evening, this will go through with unanimous consent, because it  makes sense.   And wherever it leads us, we should be happy that we finally might  get to the bottom of this--whatever it reveals. We don't know where it  will take us. It is relying on what is most important--on the  information we housed. Let's make sure the American public can see it  and that any group that wants to analyze what happened can, including  the rest of the world.   So it was easy for me to get onboard, to get behind something so  simple that says nothing more than if we got the information, let's  show it. Let's not hide behind it. And when you get individuals like  Dr. Fauci, Dr. Collins, the director now of the WHO, something is  afoot, and we need to find out.   I am glad that we are here this evening punctuating this so that we  get it done.    Madam President, I call up my amendment No. 1771 and ask  that it be reported by number.    Madam President, in recent years, research involving  human-animal hybrids has become much more prevalent. For example, in  April, researchers in China created a monkey-human hybrid embryo that  they allowed to grow and studied for weeks.   I have serious ethical concerns with this type of human chimera  research. My amendment would ban the practice by applying the NIH's  current anti-chimera policy universally.   Due to the dangerous and offensive nature of this research, my  amendment imposes penalties on those who participate in this unethical  research.   We must act now. Just this morning, the International Society for  Stem Cell Research, an international standards-setting body, issued  guidance that permits the creation of human-animal hybrids. I ask that  my Senate colleagues reject this foreign position and maintain our own  NIH's ethical standards.   All life is sacred. It is Congress's responsibility to enact  commonsense bioethics.    Please support this amendment.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   