 Mr. President, for many years now, there is a joke that  Presidents have what is called infrastructure week, where they talk  about infrastructure and the need for us to move our country forward  and fix our outdated system of roads and bridges, freight lines, our  ports.   We are, as a country, behind others countries in terms of investing  in infrastructure, yet infrastructure week comes and goes without any  progress.   Well, today, we had a true infrastructure week because the President  of the United States signed legislation that came out of this body--it  was bipartisan--that helps to repair our infrastructure in ways that is  historic in the sense that it is a broader infrastructure bill than we  have passed around here in decades.   It is a big day for infrastructure and, therefore, a good day for my  constituents in Ohio and people all around the country--people who are  stuck in a traffic jam or maybe people who are worried about the bridge  they are going over, whether it is safe or not, which is the case of a  big bridge in my community; or whether it is people who don't have  access to high-speed internet and, therefore, can't do their school  work or can't start a business or be able to get their telehealth. If  you are a veteran in Ohio and you want to access telehealth, it is  tough to do it in about one-third of our State because you don't have  high-speed internet.   So there are a lot of different things that are in this legislation  that will help the people who I represent. We have a lot of aging  infrastructure in Ohio on the water side, so our water infrastructure  includes a lot of lead pipes still, as an example, and, therefore,  drinking water issues.   But we also have a lot of edicts that have come down from the Federal  Government that say you have to stop the combined sewer overflow. Our  municipalities can't pay for the changes. This will help them as well.   In Cleveland, OH, we have a two-decade-old--I think it is a 47-year- old transit system. The cars, frankly, are being taken off track  because they have gotten to a point where they can't be used any more,  and yet it is way too expensive. The funding for transit will be very  helpful in Cleveland, OH.   In my own community, we have a bridge people have been talking about  fixing for, literally, 25 years, because I have been involved in that  discussion when I was in the House and now in the Senate. The problem  is the bridge was constructed assuming a certain amount of traffic, and  yet the amount of traffic has more than doubled. As a result, they have  taken the shoulders off the bridge in order to create more room for  another lane. As a result, when you have a flat tire or an accident,  God forbid, on the bridge--which, unfortunately, happens too often-- there is no place to go and, therefore, causes even more safety  hazards. The bridge is a bottleneck every single day, not just in rush  hour. I can go there in the afternoon--you know, 2, 3 in the afternoon  and people are backed up on this bridge.   A lot of the people who are backed up, by the way, are people who are  in business. Eighteen-wheelers are trying to get through because it is  the confluence of I-71 and I-75, two major interstates. So it is a big  economic issue with all that lost time in commuting every day across  that bridge, and all the lost time in terms of the freight has a big  economic impact--billions of dollars, they say. Three percent of  America's commerce goes across that bridge every day, so it is a real  problem.   We have never been able to figure out how to fix it because we can't  accumulate enough money locally--the State, Federal--to be able to make  the big change that has to occur, which is building another bridge,  expanding and fixing up the current one. It has been frustrating.   This legislation signed today will finally provide the tools to do  that. They have to apply like any other project around the country. It  is a grant that is based on merit, but the grant is specifically  focused on major bridges, like ours, where you have this economic  impact that are so-called functionally obsolete, meaning they are  carrying more traffic than they should be. Ours is carrying twice as  much.   It should fit very well, but they are going to have to come up with a  local match as well. I am confident that it can be found--a local  match, which is less than we did before when we had a tough time  finding that local match and were not able to move forward.   People in my community, they are ready for this bridge to be fixed. I  mean, the Brent Spence Bridge is something I have heard about, again,  during my entire career.   I got a little bit of funding here and there to do the environmental  impact statement or do the engineering, but to actually get in there  and do it is going to be extremely expensive. You are not going to find  2, 3-plus billion dollars without this kind of a Federal commitment.  That is in this legislation, as an example.   It is also helpful that this legislation deals with our ports because  one of the issues right now we have with the supply chain crisis is  things are just not moving through our ports as quickly as they should,  in part because our ports have fallen behind.   I mentioned other countries who spend more infrastructure. Countries  like China spend a lot on their ports. China spends more than we do, as  do other countries, because they know if you spend money on  infrastructure, you get a more efficient economy that leads to higher  productivity, and that, in turn, leads to economic growth and more tax  revenue coming in, frankly. These are all factors that should be  considered in looking at an infrastructure bill.   It is not like normal spending that might be stimulative spending  that goes out the door right away. This spending will happen over 2, 3,  5, 10, even 15 years for these major projects. And then these assets  that you are investing in--let's say it is a port, let's say it is  freight rail, or let's say it is the bridge in Cincinnati or the  infrastructure that is a water infrastructure issue in northeast Ohio  because of lead pipes--what is fixed will last for a long time, so it  is an investment in a long-term asset.   Right now, our country is facing historically high levels of  inflation--the highest inflation we have had in more than 30 years. It  is a big problem. Everything has gone up.   Gas--I heard yesterday now gas has gone up 50 percent this year. Two  weeks ago, it was 42 percent. But all I know is it has gone up about a  buck a gallon. When I fill up my pickup truck, I am spending $100 now.  That is tough for people, particularly people who have to commute for  their work.   For lower middle-income families in Ohio, this inflation is really  devastating. You go to the grocery--I just had somebody show me a  photograph recently that someone took with an iPhone of three rib eye  steaks for $100 at Costco. Everything is going up, and that is really  devastating.   You wouldn't want this infrastructure bill to add to that  inflationary pressure. The good news is, as economists look at this,  they say that it goes into the economy in ways that  [[Page S8073]]  should actually be counterinflationary over time.   What does that mean?   Well, inflation is where you have too much demand and not enough  supply, right?   You have, coming off the pandemic, more people getting out and buying  stuff, yet the supply wasn't there. That causes inflation.   Here in the Congress, we passed legislation that aggravated that-- made it worse--because we passed $1.9 trillion spending in March, much  of which went into people's pockets. Think of the stimulus checks, $600  more on unemployment insurance, and some of the tax provisions. And, in  effect, it created more demand out there and the supply wasn't there,  which raises inflation.   This spending is different. Again, this is not stimulus spending.  This is long-term spending for capital assets.   What these economists say, including some conservatives, like Michael  Strain at AEI and Doug Holtz-Eakin at American Action Forum, they say  this is actually going to lead to less inflation because you are adding  to the supply side.   So by building that bridge, that is part of the supply side of the  economy rather than the demand side of the economy. I am pleased with  that too. What we want right now is to push back against this  inflation, not do something that creates more demand and more  inflation.   One of my concerns about the other legislation that is being talked  about is not the infrastructure bill, but it is called the  reconciliation bill. The Democrats, I heard today, are calling it Build  Back Better more often, but others call it the tax-and-spend bill. That  is about more stimulative spending.   I have very serious concerns about that adding to the inflationary  pressures we already have, which are so serious. And unlike what the  administration said previously, it is not transitory. It is going to be  around for a while. Every economist I talk to says expect it to be  around for a year or two, best-case scenario.   Again, what we signed today, the infrastructure bill, should, over  time, actually have a counterinflationary effect. Most of the money,  again, is not going to be spent in the near term. Most will be spent  over time. But when it is spent, it is spent on the supply side of the  economy rather than the demand side of the economy.   I am really pleased that we were able to pass this legislation. I  hope that it is not just going to provide a model for what we ought to  do in terms of substance--you know, helping make our economy more  efficient, more productive; doing things that make sense for the people  we represent in terms of reducing their commute or making their bridges  safer, as I said; or dealing with the online issue--not having access  to high-speed internet; being sure that people will have safe drinking  water. But, also, it is important, I think, that this bill be looked at  as a model of bipartisanship.   What do I mean by that?   Well, typically, around here, you kind of have a Republican or  Democratic approach to something, and we kind of fight over it and  there is not much space in the middle. The reconciliation bill that is  being talked about right now, as an example, is all Democrats. There  are no Republicans supporting it.   The question is, how do you tough it out through the process?   And because reconciliation can be done with just 50 votes, not 60  votes, the notion is you get every Democrat, and the Vice President  will break the tie.   It is much better, I think, if you do something on a bipartisan basis  because you get more buy-in from the country. You pass better  legislation. It makes more sense for our country, like this  infrastructure bill.   And the model that was used here was that some Republicans and some  Democrats got together and said: Let's come up with a bipartisan  approach to infrastructure, working from the middle out, not taking our  directions from leadership on the right or on the left--Democrat,  Republican or the White House. Let's come up with something ourselves  that makes sense.   This was in the context of an early Biden administration proposal on  infrastructure. Again, it is confusing because there are so many  different bills out there, but this one sort of combined the  infrastructure bill that was passed today and the so-called Build Back  Better legislation they are now trying to pass. It had high tax  increases--significant tax increases, mostly on the corporate side, but  would affect working families. In my view and a lot of people's views  on my side of the aisle, everybody was against the tax increases.   Plus it had a lot of what the Biden administration called human  infrastructure. It wasn't just talking about core infrastructure, as we  talked about today, the roads and the bridges and the rail and the  waterways and other things that you would normally think of when you  think of infrastructure: transportation infrastructure, airports, the  ports.   Instead it also included a lot of support for soft infrastructure, as  they called it, or human infrastructure, which in that case was  healthcare, taking care of Medicare changes; some changes, I believe,  in terms of childcare in the current Build Back Better.   What we said as a group--five Democrats, five Republicans--was we  want to do infrastructure. This is something that has been talked  about, again, forever. Every President in modern times, every Congress  in modern times, has promoted the idea of a significant investment in  infrastructure because America is falling behind.   What we said is: Let's make that promise we have given to the  American people, something that we can actually follow through on this  time, by having a bipartisan bill that has the support of both sides.   So we basically took the bigger bill the Biden administration  proposed, pulled out the taxes--so no tax hikes--but also pulled out  the so-called human infrastructure or soft infrastructure and focused  just on core infrastructure. That was the principle basis upon which we  went forward.   The other thing that we decided was that not only are we going to  keep taxes out and focus on core infrastructure, but we were going to  make it truly bipartisan, meaning we are going to come up with a  negotiated settlement and we are going to make concessions on both  sides to find that common ground and get this thing done. We are going  to do it.   Sure enough, we did it. It took us 4 or 5 months. We started 8 months  ago and passed it here about 5 months ago, but we had setbacks because  there were tough issues we had to grapple with: how much money to put  into the way you expand broadband, as an example, and how should it be  done through the States or through the Fed?   We came up with ways we thought made the most sense, but also could  pass muster up here in terms of bipartisanship. In the end, as a rule-- not in all cases, but it is a rule--if it has to be bipartisan, if you  make that your commitment, you are going to get better legislation  because you are listening to everybody, including to the Governors in  the case of broadband, including to the companies that provide the  broadband, but also including the families and the parents who are  driving to the McDonald's to get internet access for their kid to be  able to do her homework, and listening to the small business  entrepreneurs who are saying, We need this level of high-speed internet  to be able to start a successful company in a rural area--say my home  State of Ohio--and also listening to those who are interested in having  enough access to internet to be able to get their medicine online,  basically, to telehealth--to do actual discussions with medical  professionals online rather than having to drive to the hospital, say,  from a rural area.   That was all part of what we intended to do, was to not just have a  good bill substantively, but to show you can do this in a bipartisan  way. That group of 10--5 Democrats and 5 Republicans--then became 11  Democrats and 11 Republicans. We kind of grew out from there. By the  end of the process, we had Democrats and Republicans supporting the  final product, including the majority leader Chuck Schumer and the  Republican leader Mitch McConnell. They both supported it.   And Senator McConnell, in particular, because I am on the Republican  side, gave us the space to be able  [[Page S8074]]  to work this out. He didn't agree with everything that we were doing  all the time. He let his views be known, of course, but he knew that,  you know, we had in our intentions to come up with something that was  truly bipartisan and good for the country and that infrastructure was  an area where we typically had had bipartisan support, but we just  couldn't get it over the line because of the partisan gridlock around  here to do anything.   And in this case, he gave us that space. We came up with a good bill,  and he supported it, and Mitch McConnell's support was helpful. In the  end, 19 Republicans supported the legislation in the House.   Unfortunately, it went over there a few months ago and sat and sat  and sat, and that concerned some of us because we could just see it  becoming more political, more partisan.   And we had a commitment from President Biden and a commitment among  ourselves--not only no taxes, being sure that it focused on core  infrastructure, but also that we would ensure that it was delinked from  anything else, particularly the larger reconciliation bill that is now  being discussed, the so-called Build Back Better bill, but this was  separate. We wanted our bill to be addressed on its merits, which is  what our constituents expect. The American people don't want us to do  Christmas trees up here, where you are trading things off. They want to  know that if you have a good bill, you should be able to get it to the  floor and get it passed, which we did here in the Senate, and I  appreciate that.   But in the House, it got all entangled with this legislation that was  partisan that no Republican supported.   Again, this is the large taxes, large spending bill that is called  Build Back Better, probably $2 trillion of spending. I saw some  analysis today that if you don't sunset all the spending provisions, it  is more like $4.7 trillion, and there is about $1.8 trillion in tax  increases to pay for that.   So we will see what happens. I think there is going to be a gap in  their revenue and their spending based on the analysis I have seen, and  I just think it is the wrong time in the economy, as I said earlier, to  even think about this sort of thing. One, to raise taxes on the economy  right now, that is, I think, exactly the wrong thing to do. We should  be helping to encourage those businesses that are finally coming out of  this pandemic and have been struggling, don't have enough workers, to  be sure that they can get back on their feet, not taxing them, and same  with families, same with the so-called--the passthrough companies, the  smaller companies that would be hurt.   And then we have got to be sure that as we move forward, we are not  increasing inflation again and not--this stimulus to spending that goes  to the demand side that puts more money in people's pockets, it is part  of the reason we have this high inflation.   So I really hope that that legislation, the Build Back Better  legislation, does not move forward.   But my point is, the infrastructure bill needed to be dealt with on  its own and it got tangled up with that and that is too bad. But at the  end, there was a vote permitted finally in the House of  Representatives. After several pledges to have votes that did not  happen, finally, it was voted on about 10 days ago now. And when that  vote occurred, there was enough bipartisan support--not as much as I  would have liked to have seen on the Republican side, frankly, because  I think it is a good bill that Republicans should support, but there  was support on the Republican side and the Democratic side, and it was  passed into law and sent to President Biden, and he signed it today. So  that is the good news, that we were able to get this done, and I hope,  again, provide, at least in terms of what we did here in the Senate, a  model going forward of finding out where can you find consensus between  Republicans and Democrats on big issues that the American people care  about.   I mean, we have got plenty of them. I would put an issue like  immigration, what is happening at the border; I would put an issue like  what is going on with our financial situation, with this huge new debt  we have and the deficit spending every year. But there are so many  issues: healthcare issues, issues that have to do with, you know, how  you deal not just with the immigration on the border but people who are  here. Shouldn't we be able to find some bipartisan consensus on these  things, and isn't that what the American people expect us to do, where  you have got big challenges, whether they are domestic or  international, shouldn't we figure out a way, even though we have  differences of opinion, to find that common ground and to move forward  rather than to be stuck in a partisan gridlock situation?   Today, at the signing ceremony, the President spoke a little about  that and said that he supported bipartisan efforts to move the country  forward.   But by the same token, he also was saying he supports this  reconciliation process that is strictly partisan and would be jamming  our Congress, again, without a single Republican supporting it and  doing policy that we think is wrongheaded, given where we are with our  economy, particularly with regard to inflation and the need to come out  of this pandemic with a stronger economy, more people working, and  concern that tax increases will make that difficult.   So, again, I would like to congratulate everyone who was involved in  this infrastructure process. It was a big group up here in the Senate,  but the group of five and five--the five Democrats and five  Republicans--who kind of led the negotiation, included my colleague  Kyrsten Sinema, who led the Democratic side. She did a terrific job.  She was very persistent. For those of you who know her and have watched  her, that won't surprise you. But she ensured that we kept on track,  and sometimes you get off track because we had a lot of different  issues we had to deal with. And it took us, again, a few months to get  there, but she was very helpful in terms of moving us forward and  getting to a resolution.   Ultimately, all 10 Members agreed: We are going to resolve this  thing. We are going to come to a solution, even if it means not getting  everything we want. And nobody gets everything they want in life,  right? In your family, in your business, and in Congress, it is pretty  much the same thing, and it is pretty simple, which is you can't get  everything you want, but you can get most of what you want, and in this  case, you can do something great for the American people.   The other eight of those colleagues were Susan Collins, Mitt Romney,  Lisa Murkowski, Bill Cassidy, Joe Manchin, Jeanne Shaheen, Mark Warner,  Jon Tester, and so many others who were also involved and helpful. But  those were some of the colleagues who were part of this G-10 process.   A couple Members that I would like to mention tonight and thank them  are, again, Senator McConnell for his help giving us the space to be  able to work this out and then ultimately supporting it and lending his  critical support to something that is good for the country, good for  Kentucky.   Also, Kevin Cramer, on our side of the aisle, was very helpful to us  in bringing together our group of 22 Republicans and Democrats and then  Shelley Moore Capito. Shelley Moore Capito is the top Republican on the  committee that deals with a lot of these issues, including the surface  transportation legislation, and she was very helpful, along with the  chair of that group, Tom Carper, to get us where we are. They actually  met with the White House, Shelley Moore Capito and a group of her  members, and that gave us a foundation for some of the ideas that we  had but also the committee work we respected.   One of the things that I have seen time and time again in the last  couple weeks is that it is a $1.2 trillion bill on infrastructure. In a  way, it is and in a way it isn't. So just to explain that, briefly,  Congress, you know, every year has a process where we appropriate  funding. We also every 5 years, typically, do a transportation bill,  the Surface Transportation Act. That 1.2 includes that. So the amount  on top of what Congress would have otherwise spent, based on what the  committees had done on a bipartisan basis, is roughly $542 billion. So  it is really a $542 billion bill of new spending, not 1.2 trillion.   That may make some of my Republican colleagues feel a little better  about supporting it because they are concerned about our debt and  deficit, as am I.  [[Page S8075]]    By the way, we came up with ways to pay for that, including actually  repurposing some of the funding that had gone out to COVID that had not  been used, but it is really more of a $542 billion in new spending-- still historic levels and, again, provides enough funding to do all the  wonderful things I talked about in terms of making our infrastructure  work better for all of us.   Second is, I have heard a lot over the last couple weeks particularly  about President Biden's signing his bill, the Biden infrastructure  bill. He negotiated with us, and I appreciate that. His legislation, as  I said, was very different. It had the tax increases. It had spending  on a lot of human infrastructure, and I appreciate that he was willing  to say to the Democratic side of the aisle: OK. That is what I want,  but I am willing to work with you guys on a bipartisan basis. So he did  do that, but he also, again, gave us space to work that out here in the  Senate between ourselves, and that is the reality.   And so when we came together with legislation, we were sitting down  with his people, including a guy named Steve Ricchetti, his Deputy  Chief of Staff, and the National Economic Council head, a guy named  Brian Deese, and we negotiated with them on some of the issues.   But this really came out of, again, a true bipartisan process. It is  not really anybody's bill. It is America's bill because representatives  from every part of the country were involved, and those elected  representatives made decisions that were in the interest of their  constituents but also our entire country. That is why, in the end, I  think this legislation represents not just a victory for the American  people, which it does, but in a way, a victory for common sense and  bipartisanship that this place badly needed.   I hope it is a template for things to come, and I hope that when  someone goes out on a limb and says: I am going to support this  legislation because it is in the interest of the American people, that  that person is rewarded rather than attacked.   And in the House I have seen some of this with some of my Republican  colleagues who supported it; that people are upset on a partisan basis  because they think it somehow gives too much credit to Democrats if  this were to pass.   I mean, I suppose if you took that attitude, nothing would pass  because it is either a Democratic or Republican bill, and this other  side would block it. We need to get into a different mindset, where we  are thinking, ``What is good for the country?''   And, interestingly, when you look at what the polling data is saying  about this bill, it is very popular. Initially, the numbers were, you  know, 87 percent approval rating, Republicans, Democrats, Independents,  everyone. One I saw yesterday was 65 percent because it has gotten,  again, some--it has gotten into more of the partisan back-and-forth,  with Republicans saying that somehow because President Biden is in the  Presidency, and he was involved with this, it is his bill. It is not  his bill. It is all of ours--the bill--but, still, 65 percent approval  rating is pretty rare for any major piece of legislation.   And so the American people get it. They want us to move forward.  There are partisans on both sides, of course, who would prefer only  that it moves forward if it is their way; in other words, we should  block everything. But the vast majority of the American people  understand that we have got to more forward and ensuring that you have  adequate infrastructure to compete with countries like China,  infrastructure changes that will improve our economy's efficiency,  therefore, our productivity; therefore, increased economic growth;  therefore, bringing more revenue in. Who could be against that?   There are differences of opinion on how exactly you ought to spend  the money. I get that, but I do think this is going to be over time--5  years, 10 years, 15 years from now--something people will look back and  say: Aha. This project which could never have been done, now has been  accomplished and makes my life easier, makes my community work better.  That is what this bill is going to be about.   And my hope is that, again, it will be a template for other projects  in the future, where we say: Let's figure out a way--despite our  differences--to figure out some common ground and move forward on these  challenges that our country faces and on issues that people really care  about to be able to make their lives better. Ultimately, that should be  our job.   I yield the floor.   