 Madam Speaker, I thank the Congresswoman so  much for her incredible leadership on this issue and so many others. We  appreciate all that she does, and we appreciate her steadfast and  steady hand of guidance and leadership for the people of America.   Madam Speaker, I am grateful for the opportunity to address this  body. On Freedom's Eve, January 1, 1863, enslaved and free African  Americans gathered across the country, awaiting news that the  Emancipation Proclamation had taken effect. When the clock struck  midnight, their prayers were answered, as it was declared that all  enslaved people in Confederate States were legally free.   While the 13th Amendment did end slavery under the law, not all who  were enslaved were immediately freed. It took more than 2 years for the  freedom to reach everyone when the Union troops arrived in Galveston  Bay, Texas, to announce that more than 250,000 people within the State  were free.   It was this day, June 19, 1865, that we mark as the true day of  freedom from the tyranny and oppression of slavery and the first steps  into the Reconstruction era. We now honor this day, June 19, as  Juneteenth.   While Juneteenth is a historic day that has been widely known and  celebrated by African Americans for over a century, it is clear that  many Americans still are unaware of the significance of this historic  date. In the wake of the demonstrations that took place last summer,  many Americans were faced with the uncomfortable truth regarding our  country's fraught racial history.   The word ``Juneteenth'' entered our Nation's lexicon at a time when  Americans were left to reconcile their daily lives with our daily  struggles. It was a time set aside for reflection, for learning, for  mourning, and for upheaval. Juneteenth marks the day that we as a  nation were truly able to end the insidious practice of slavery and  begin to move forward to a better world. It also marks that our country  still struggles and must live up to its promise.   Representative John Lewis was an American icon, a civil rights  leader, and one of my personal heroes. In this Congress, we prepare to  hear a bill in his name that expands voting rights, the very thing he  was asked for as he crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge decades ago.   In 2021, we continue to speak out and fight against systemic racism  as its vestiges of voter suppression, redlining, gerrymandering, and  other Jim Crow relics still erode our democracy today.   What makes America great is our diversity. It is our ability to see  and understand issues from the many different perspectives that  encompass our populace. While America has broken some promises in the  past, we, America collectively, have the ability and the potential to  rectify our past wrongs. We strive to improve; we work to grow; and we  push to remediate our problems and make them better.   As of today, 47 States have declared Juneteenth a State holiday. My  native State of Louisiana recently signed into law that Louisiana will  now recognize Juneteenth as a State holiday. I am very proud of that  measure, and I am very proud of our Governor, John Bel Edwards, for  signing that measure into law. I am very proud of the legislators who  fought to bring it forward.    I am grateful for the steps that we have taken to recognize the  history behind Juneteenth and to honor its legacy. That is why I  believe that Juneteenth should be a federally observed holiday. This is  America, and despite all of our many challenges, America continues to  be the world's greatest nation.   For this reason, I am optimistic about our future and optimistic  about our corrections. Together, we can make our world a better place  and uphold the promise of freedom and justice for all.   