 Madam Speaker, I rise to offer and support the  amendment.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Sherman-Waters  amendment, No. 746.   Madam Speaker, for quite some time, Chairwoman Waters and I have been  in favor of strong sanctions against Russia for interference in our  elections.   Now, I don't want this to be partisan. There is this idea that only  Democrats care about protecting our elections from Russian  interference. That is not the case.   When the Senate was controlled by Republicans, the Senate  Intelligence Committee issued a report stating: ``The Russian  Government engaged in an aggressive, multifaceted effort to influence,  or attempt to influence, the outcome of the 2016 Presidential  election.'' But there are those who think that perhaps President Trump  did not believe that Russia tried to influence our elections.   Putting aside 2016, what did the Trump administration say about our  2018 election?   On September 30, 2019, the Trump Treasury Department announced  sanctions in response to Russian interference in our 2018 election, and  then the Trump administration imposed sanctions on a ``Russian agent''  for trying to influence our 2020 election. Partisanship stops at the  water's edge.   We need to stop Russia from interfering in our elections. Both  parties have imposed sanctions on Russia for doing so. The question is  how we make those sanctions effective.   Existing sanctions apply to the purchase of sovereign debt--this is  debt issued by the Russian Government--but only when you are acting as  the underwriter, not purchases in the secondary market. That is  ineffective.   In May of this year, the Russian Deputy Finance Minister told us that  when he said sanctions-imposed restrictions don't cover the secondary  market and so they are going to be ineffective or, in his words: ``So  we don't expect the share of nonresidents to move far from the current  levels.''   We need to listen to the Russian Deputy Finance Minister as to how to  make the sanctions that both Democrats and Republicans agree on more  effective. The sanctions imposed here will raise the cost of borrowing  of the Russian Government by between half a  [[Page H4860]]  percent and three-quarters of a percent based on a rating by ACRA.   Further, it is good economic policy. We have a scarce amount of  investment capital in the United States. I want to see it invested in  American businesses, either in stock or as loans by our banks and  others to our companies.   Can anybody make the argument that we are worse off if money is  invested in American companies instead of being lent to Vladimir Putin?   There is no credible argument as to why American pension plans, asset  managers, and households should be funding the Russian Government at a  time when, in 2016, 2018, and 2020, both parties and former President  Trump realized that Russia was interfering in our elections and  deserves to be sanctioned. Let's make those sanctions effective by  adopting this amendment.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have  remaining.    Madam Speaker, I see no substantive reason why the  ranking member is opposed to this amendment. Both parties agree Russia  has interfered in our elections in 2016 but more recently in 2018 and  2020. Both parties and the Trump administration agree that Russia  should be sanctioned. But the Deputy Finance Minister of Russia pointed  out that our sanctions so far have not been effective, that they are  not effective until they apply to the secondary market.   That is exactly what this amendment does. It is time to raise the  cost of borrowing by the Russian Government and to see that money  invested in American businesses, lent to American companies, instead of  being lent to the Russian Government.   Madam Speaker, I hear no substantive argument against that  proposition, and I urge adoption of the amendment.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   