 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, my colleague just referenced the phrase ``any other  environment'' that there would be some consequences. Well, this is not  any other environment. This is the House of Representatives. We have  constituents who elect us, send us to Washington to represent them,  engage in debate, engage in often heated discussions with each other.  This is not the same.   One of the fundamental problems we have as a Chamber right now is  that it is being treated that way. It is being treated that way by the  majority. Shutting down our ability to engage in actual debate;  shutting down our ability to move about the Chamber wearing these  masks; talking about right now with CMS and what is happening, as early  as December 5, doctors in San Antonio, Texas, which I represent, being  unable to perform their tasks as doctors, potentially resulting in loss  of life and being able to carry out their livelihoods through vaccine  mandates.   We have got untold harm occurring in South Texas with bodies in body  trailers. We have got people dying. We have got actual consequences  from these vaccine mandates causing people to lose their jobs, whether  it is OSHA-related, private-sector jobs, military, defense, border  patrol; all this happening as we head towards December 3 with a  potential government shutdown. And this is what we are having an actual  debate on the floor of the House for.   I have not seen this Chamber look like this since I have been in  Congress where we are debating an issue and we have got 100 Members on  the floor. We are down here usually giving speeches to an empty  Chamber.   Now, look, let me be clear. I would not have posted that video. I  would have told my staff I don't want to do that, if I knew what was in  it, okay? But the video that was posted was an effort to make a point.    And we are now getting into the business of chilling debate  and discussion about censuring our Members and going down the road of  pulling each other off of committees. Where is this going to end? When  Republicans are back in majority, where is that going to end?   When my colleague, Ms. Ocasio-Cortez, in January called my former  boss and my good friend, Ted Cruz, an attempted murderer, and I sent a  letter to the leader saying, I am not asking for her to be stripped  from committees but just to apologize, it was met with utter silence.   I called then and I call now for us to drop that down and actually  engage in debate on the issues that matter, actually engage in debate  on what is occurring right now in America where people are getting  harmed with vaccine mandates, tyranny, and open borders.   