 Mr. President, I am honored today to join Senator  Ernst and Senator Graham in this call on America to honor our  commitment.   This effort is completely bipartisan, and it is about values and  ideals that we share and that we should reemphasize at this time of  year, at this moment in our history, at this challenging moment in  world history.   We are here to support a grassroots initiative called Honor Our  Commitment. Our goal is very simply to keep this cause present and real  for Americans, even as we complete the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, so  that we keep faith with the Afghan allies and their families to bring  them to safety, to evacuate them, to enable them to escape the danger,  death, and torture that threatens them now.   For 20 years, these men and women helped to protect our troops and  our diplomats. They are the translators, civil servants, humanitarian  workers, members of the judiciary, and others who supported the U.S.  mission in Afghanistan. They were at our side, at significant risk to  them, sometimes in combat. I know because one of my sons was a Marine  Corps infantry officer in Helmand Province, and he felt so deeply that  he had an obligation to bring to safety his translator, which he was  able to do after years of effort. There are many other translators like  him still in danger there who went into combat with our troops and  helped to protect them. My other son is a Navy SEAL--was. He is out  now. But he knows as well the importance of these people on the ground  to protect them.   I fear for other parents in the future who will know their sons and  daughters are in harms' way and who need those folks on the ground, the  people who speak the language, who know the culture, who have friends  in the community. How can we ask them to serve us when we are engaged  in the same kind of conflict, if we fail to honor our promises to these  men and women in Afghanistan who now have targets on their backs only  because they helped us in moments of danger and crisis?   Most of my colleagues, I think, share these feelings of apprehension  and anxiety on behalf of those men and women who now are in hiding,  many of them with their families, trying to get out.   I strongly believe that honoring our past commitments, keeping our  promises, as every great nation does, means establishing a clear,  consistent, compassionate strategy for the evacuation and settlement of  all of these individuals and their families. That is why I have called  repeatedly for an evacuation czar, with clear Presidential direction  and authority to implement such a strategy and coordinate all of the  numerous Federal Agencies, with all of their individual  responsibilities and authority, to evacuate and resettle our at-risk  Afghan allies and their families.   Our at-risk Afghan allies deserve no less. That is what I have said  to the President of the United States in a letter that I have written  to him personally. That is the reason that I offered an amendment with  Senator Graham and Senator Ernst, which, unfortunately, was not  included in the final version of the National Defense Authorization  Act. And that is why I enlisted colleagues to support it. And, indeed,  it has broad bipartisan, broad bicameral support to establish a  strategy--very simply a strategy--to support the mission of evacuating  those at-risk Afghan allies.   I am saddened that the Congress has failed to require this basic plan  and fulfill our moral obligation. That legislation directed the  administration to develop a plan that would provide for an initial,  expedited security screening and vetting, conducted remotely, if  necessary, to get our allies out of Afghanistan as quickly as possible.   We need to encourage rapid departure by air charter and land passage  because the United States has no presence diplomatically or militarily.  Those charter flights, the on-land passage, are the only means of  escape right now, and the situation of these at-risk Afghan allies and  their families is increasingly dire and dangerous.   There are numerous humanitarian flights, independently organized and  funded by nonprofit organizations, to expedite the evacuation process  in parallel to U.S. Government efforts. We ought to encourage that  assistance, not create bureaucratic hurdles to hobble these efforts.   We need a strategy to have our government engaged with relevant  countries to facilitate transport to third countries--or lily pads, as  they are called--where more rigorous and thorough security screening  and vetting can be completed before onward movement to the United  States or other locations for resettlement.   So I am disappointed--in fact, I am angry--that this amendment was  not included in the National Defense Authorization Act, but I am  committed that we will honor this commitment to these at-risk Afghan  allies and families, and I am heartened by this green ribbon  initiative.   And that is why I am wearing a green ribbon today and why my  colleagues, I hope, will do so as well and why I thank my friend Sid  Goodfriend of Greenwich, CT, for initiating this effort--and all of his  support network.   I want to close by thanking our veterans. I have been inspired over  these last weeks and months by their determination to enable those  Afghan allies who served them to escape the danger in Afghanistan.  Their steadfast commitment is a part of the reason why I feel we need  to honor our commitment.   Those veterans and NGOs, the network of people, the coalition of  groups that has worked so hard to evacuate allies against all the  odds--and my office has been proud to work with them--have inspired me.   I call on my colleagues in both parties and in both Chambers of  Congress and the executive branch to continue this work until we enable  every at-risk Afghan ally to leave Afghanistan. To do any less is an  immense tragedy, and it will forever stain the honor of this country if  we fail to complete this mission.   I yield the floor.   