 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2795, the DHS  Blue Campaign Enhancement Act. This bill, which I am proud to have  introduced with my colleague, the chairman of the Homeland Security  Subcommittee on Oversight, Management, and Accountability,  Representative Correa, has one very specific goal, to combat human  trafficking.   According to the Department of State's Trafficking in Persons Report,  every year, around the world tens of thousands of men, women, and  children are trafficked, including far too many right here in the  United States. Human traffickers use fraud and coercion to compel  people into situations of forced labor or sexual exploitation. False  promises of well-paying jobs, romantic relationships, and violence are  all methods used by human traffickers. Victims can be any age, race,  gender, or nationality and from any socioeconomic background.   To curb this horrific practice, we must use a multipronged approach,  and a critical component to this strategy is ensuring that law  enforcement personnel and employees in customer-facing industries are  trained to identify a potential victim of human trafficking by  recognizing key indicators and taking appropriate action.   DHS started the Blue Campaign in 2010 to do just that; to unify and  coordinate Department efforts to address human trafficking. The Blue  Campaign enables and empowers the DHS workforce and the industries they  work with--including airlines and the public--to recognize the  indicators of human trafficking and take steps to alert the appropriate  authorities.   My bill, the DHS Blue Campaign Enhancement Act, bolsters these  efforts by creating an advisory board to inform and coordinate training  among the DHS components to increase the efficiency and effectiveness  of the training that DHS provides for its personnel, its industries,  and State and local law enforcement partners.   This legislation also increases the online trainings that DHS will  provide, enabling the Department to reach a broader audience more  quickly.   I would like to thank my good friend from California (Mr. Correa) for  joining me in this effort and supporting this important piece of  legislation.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to approve this bill and help DHS  do its part to combat human trafficking.   