 Reserving the right to object, I would like to give  some remarks.   I want to start off with a process question to all the 100 Senators.   Obviously, this is an important issue with a lot of people. Democrats  control every committee in this body, and this bill is being offered,  when it could be brought up in the committee under regular order  because they control the agenda of, in this case, the Judiciary  Committee. So why hasn't that come up?   Then I would remind people that in 2013, we actually had a vote on a  Grassley-Cruz amendment that got the most votes so far of any gun  issues. That was in, I think, the year 2013.   Let's get to the issue that was brought up today by the Senator from  Connecticut. Let me say that we have to have real regard for the  position he takes because of the tragedy that happened in his State in  2012. Nobody is going to justify that. If they did, they would be crazy  for trying to say that something bad like that happened and that it is  not a crisis for everybody.   Let me start off by saying in regard to what happened in Michigan  that the senseless tragedy we saw in that State should not have  happened. The shooter, as we have been told, killed four and injured  others in a shocking act of violence. I cannot imagine what those  families of the victims are going through because I guess you would  have to go through it to try to get their feeling about it. You see it  expressed on television, but it doesn't make the same impact on the  people who are listening that it makes on the family of the victims.   Difficult topics require across-the-aisle conversations, particularly  when you have to have 60 votes to get anything done in this body. I  would invite my colleagues across the aisle to have a bipartisan  conversation on this topic and a lot of related topics to it.   Violent crime and violence at schools are serious problems. I have  supported legislative efforts to improve the National Instant Criminal  Background Check System, which we call NICS. For example, I introduced  the EAGLES Act, a bipartisan bill that would help reauthorize the U.S.  Secret Service's National Threat Assessment Center, where they study  targeted violence and proactively identify and manage threats before  they result in tragedies.   However, in regard to the motion before us, I have serious concerns  with the bill raised by the Senator from Connecticut. This bill is  hostile toward lawful gun owners and lawful firearm transactions. This  will not solve the problems that it seeks to solve.   So-called ``universal'' background checks will not prevent crime and  will turn otherwise law-abiding citizens into criminals.   I have introduced legislation, along with Senators Cruz and Tillis,  called Protecting Communities and Preserving the Second Amendment Act.  Our bill will be much more effective than the underlying bill and has  been supported by a majority of the Senate in the past.   And I think that is the same thing that I was referring to--a vote  that got a majority but not 60 votes in 2013.   But the Democrat leadership has blocked that approach, which I assume  that they will do again today.   This legislation, S. 1775, would reauthorize and improve NICS,  increase resources for prosecution of gun crime, and address mental  illness in the criminal justice system, which if it had been addressed  properly in the case of the Parkland, FL, shooting, that individual who  had been identified, I think, somewhere between 30 and 40 times as  having very serious mental issues, if he had been identified, he would  have been in the NICS system and not been able to buy that gun. And  that is just one thing, mental illness being a problem.   And this legislation would also strengthen criminal law by including  straw purchasing and illegal firearms trafficking statutes. It does  that without burdening any Second Amendment rights of Americans.   In addition, this bill would require a commission to study and report  to Congress the underlying causes and triggers for mass shootings. The  commission and study proposed could not come at a more important time,  and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation that I will  suggest to the Senate on a UC request.   Therefore, Mr. President, I object to the motion that you have asked  UC on.    Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I would  ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 62, which is S. 1775, the Protecting  Communities and Preserving the Second Amendment Act of 2021; further,  that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    I made the request. So there isn't any objection, so my  bill passes?    Before I give up the floor, I would like to suggest  that we can start sitting down with the Senator from Connecticut and a  lot of other Senators who are interested in this issue, both on the  Republican side and the Democrat side, with the legislation that I have  suggested.   The other thing I would like to comment on, just to clarify, is the  Senator's statement about the recapture of gun rights under our bill:  He is right. But you have got to look at why those Second Amendment  rights were taken away in the first place, and I think it is the same  principle that applies to people that have gone through the Social  Security system and the people that have gone through the VA system. It  is as simple as a little thing, that you have got to have a third party  handle your finances for your family or whatever finances you have. You  have to have a third party to do it. That name gets put in the NICS  system, and it shouldn't be there just because you can't handle your  finances. That has got nothing to do with that you ought to be denied  your Second Amendment rights.   And so our legislation provides a process to make sure that the due  process of the Second Amendment rights that have been denied can be  recaptured, so they can have the Bill of Rights as was intended.   I yield the floor.   