 Mr. President, I rise today to support the nomination of  Merrick B. Garland to be the 86th Attorney General of the United States  and urge the Senate to confirm this nomination without further delay.   Merrick Garland is a fellow Marylander, and I was proud to introduce  him in a statement before the Judiciary Committee on February 22. I was  [[Page S1445]]  pleased that last week the committee favorably recommended his  nomination to the full Senate by a bipartisan vote of 15 to 7.   Judge Garland is uniquely qualified at this moment in history to  serve as the people's lawyer and restore honor, integrity, and  independence to DOJ.   Judge Garland graduated summa cum laude from Harvard College in 1974  and magna cum laude from Harvard Law School in 1977. Following  graduation, he served as law clerk to Judge Henry J. Friendly of the  U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and to U.S. Supreme Court  Justice William J. Brennan, Jr. From 1979 to 1981, he was Special  Assistant to the Attorney General of the United States. He then joined  the law firm of Arnold & Porter, where he was a partner from 1985 to  1989 and from 1992 to 1993. He served as an Assistant U.S. Attorney for  the District of Columbia from 1989 to 1992 and as Deputy Assistant  Attorney General in the Criminal Division of the U.S. Department of  Justice from 1993 to 1994.   From 1994 until his appointment as U.S. Circuit judge, he served as  Principal Associate Deputy Attorney General, where his responsibilities  included supervising the Oklahoma City bombing and UNABOM prosecutions.  In 1997, he was appointed as judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the  District of Columbia Circuit, often seen as the Nation's second highest  and most powerful court, given their review of Federal agency actions  and other matters. He served as chief judge of the D.C. Circuit from  2013 to 2020.   Judge Garland has published in the Harvard Law Review and Yale Law  Journal, taught at Harvard Law School, and served as president of the  board of overseers of Harvard University. He served as chair of the  Executive Committee of the Judicial Conference of the United States  from 2017 to 2020.   Judge Garland has served both Democratic and Republican  administrations in the Justice Department, including service under  President Carter, the first President Bush, and President Clinton. He  earned a reputation as a tough and fair prosecutor who took on  complicated terrorism, violent crime, and corruption cases. He  established a sterling reputation of handling cases with the utmost  professionalism and is seen by his peers as a modest man who is  fundamentally a decent human being.   In 1997, the Senate reviewed his record in detail and confirmed him  by an overwhelming, bipartisan vote of 76 to 23 to serve as judge on  the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. I would note that many  of the no votes for Judge Garland's previous confirmation had to do  with a dispute over the proper size of the D.C. Circuit, as opposed to  concerns over Judge Garland's qualifications or fitness to serve as a  judge.   As President Biden noted in his introduction of Judge Garland's  nomination, despite his busy schedule and prestigious positions, he  still makes time to volunteer regularly, tutoring students in Northeast  DC, as he has done for 20 years. And I agree this really shows us the  true character of Judge Garland, in terms of his commitment to public  service, helping others, and not necessarily seeking out the limelight.   I am hopeful that Judge Garland's appointment will shore up and  improve the morale at the Justice Department, as the Department renews  its commitment to uphold civil rights and voting rights laws; protect  the civil liberties and equal access to justice of all Americans;  safeguard our national security and combat violent crime; and rout out  systemic racism in our criminal justice system and government. As the  only Cabinet department named after an ideal, I am convinced that Judge  Garland will follow the facts, evidence, and law wherever it leads him,  regardless of political pressure or outside influences.   Let me close by highlighting what President Biden and Judge Garland  stated upon announcing his nomination. President Biden said forcefully:  ``You won't work for me. You are not the president's or the vice  president's lawyer. Your loyalty is not to me. It's to the law, the  Constitution.''   Judge Garland said: ``The rule of law is not just some lawyer's turn  of phrase. It is the very foundation of our democracy. The essence of  the rule of law is that like cases are treated alike, that there is not  one rule for Democrats and another for Republicans, one rule for  friends and another for foes.''   Judge Garland noted President Biden's promise that he would have the  ``independent capacity'' to decide who is subject to prosecution, based  on the facts and the law. Judge Garland concluded that: ``I would not  have agreed to be considered for attorney general under any other  conditions.''   I again urge the Senate to swiftly confirm this nomination, so we can  bring Senate-confirmed leadership to the Department of Justice as soon  as possible.    Mr. President, today I rise to support the nomination of  Michael S. Regan to be Administrator of the U.S. Environmental  Protection Agency as we celebrate the Agency's 50th anniversary and the  return of the United States to the Paris Agreement, which the agency  will play a key role in meeting.   Reducing carbon pollution and other forms of air and water pollution  has generated enormous environmental, health, and economic benefits  over the last 50 years.   While the Trump administration claimed that rolling back clean air  protections frees up economic activity, in fact, reducing climate  emissions is critical to a thriving, sustainable economy. Fortunately,  many States maintained a strong commitment to protecting air quality  and addressing climate change. Maryland, under Republican and  Democratic Governors, has benefitted from participating in the Regional  Greenhouse Gas Initiative with 10 other States. However, the EPA is  indispensable: Air pollution crosses State borders and requires strong  and fair Federal regulation.   I am energized by Mr. Regan's commitment to furthering progress on  environmental justice. Research shows that air pollution and climate  change disproportionately harm low-income communities and communities  of color. Maryland suffers disproportionately from upwind pollution  from fossil-fuel fired power plants out of State.   The United States District Court for the District of Columbia's  recent rejection of the Trump administration's efforts to weaken carbon  pollution limits for power plants clears the way for the EPA to set  thoughtful standards that will effectively slash carbon emissions from  the electricity sector and create clean energy-related jobs.   Now that President Biden has returned our Nation to the Paris  Agreement, the EPA has a critical role to ensure America leads by  example at home. After all, this is the Federal agency the Endangerment  Finding obligates to take action under the Clean Air Act to curb  emissions of carbon pollution from vehicles, power plants, and other  industries.   Carbon neutrality is the policy tool that may drive economic recovery  and innovation for the coming decades.   This goal to achieve a 100-percent clean energy economy and net-zero  emissions no later than 2050 would align us with a pathway to limit  global temperature rise by 1.5 degrees Celsius and help avert the most  catastrophic effects of climate change. The EPA will play an  increasingly important role in climate policy, which will be a key  element of economic policy, domestically and internationally.   The EPA's climate responsibilities include the phase-down of  hydrofluorocarbons--HFCs--potent greenhouse gases used as coolants in  refrigerators, air conditioners, and industrial applications that are  the subject of the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol, a global  agreement to protect the ozone layer. The bipartisan Consolidated  Appropriations Act of 2021 provided authority to allow for the phase- down of HFCs and subsequent transition to the newer, better  alternatives.   Rebuilding scientific expertise is fundamental to the ability of the  EPA to carry out this and other climate responsibilities. The Union of  Concerned Scientists recently reported that the EPA lost more than  1,000 scientists between its highest reported number of scientists in  early 2017 and its lowest reported number of scientists at the end of  2019. On average, the Agency lost over 200 scientists per year between  2016 and 2020. I am relieved North Carolina Governor Cooper commended  Mr. Regan for restoring morale among career staff at the Department of  Environmental Quality and emphasizing a respect for science. He will  need to do the same at EPA.   The Environmental Protection Agency should be the last workplace to  have vacancies during a climate crisis that is undeniable. In 2018  alone, there were 14 separate billion-dollar weather and climate  disasters in the United States, with a total cost of $91 billion. These  costs will likely rise due to climate change.   Carbon dioxide released into waterways as a result of water pollution  by nutrients is enhancing unwanted changes in ocean acidity due to  atmospheric increases in carbon dioxide. The changes may already be  affecting commercial fish and shellfish populations, according to data  and model predictions published in the American Chemical Society's  journal, Environmental Science & Technology. A new study by the  Smithsonian Environmental Research Center also shows that oysters  stressed by low dissolved oxygen and warm water--the result of extreme  weather events--early in life grow thicker shells and less meat, which  threatens a way of life for Maryland oyster fishers and growers.   The EPA also leads the Federal agency partners in engaging the  Chesapeake Bay Program, a grassroots effort with bipartisan support to  preserve and restore the largest estuary in the country. Executive  Order 13508 declaring the Chesapeake Bay Watershed a national treasure  established a goal of restoring oyster populations in 20 tributaries of  the Chesapeake Bay by 2025.   Over the past 4 years, the Trump administration sought to undermine  the Chesapeake Bay Program and roll back Clean Water Act protections  critical to the restoration effort, proposing to eliminate the EPA  program's budget in total dereliction of its duties as a key Federal  partner. Despite these setbacks, the Chesapeake Bay Program partners  have made steady progress toward achieving the nutrient reduction goals  set out in 2010 in the Chesapeake Clean Water Blueprint to have 100  percent of measures in place by 2025 to achieve fishable, swimmable  water quality standards.   This is significantly more likely once the EPA returns to proper  levels of staffing and funding. As Administrator, I am confident Mr.  Regan will respect science and the duties of the Agency to lead the  Chesapeake Bay Program through this substantial milestone.   The EPA is the lynchpin in the Chesapeake Bay Program. Maryland  farmers have successfully stepped up to the plate to achieve nutrient  reduction goals. Their efforts will be diminished,  [[Page S1456]]  however, if the EPA does not act as arbiter to hold States accountable  for pollution upstream. Therefore, I was particularly pleased to see  that the agricultural community widely supports Mr. Regan's nomination.   Both the global effort to combat climate change and the regional  Chesapeake Bay restoration effort are enormously challenging. Yet the  prospect of confirming Michael Regan to be the Administrator of an EPA  that produces policy based on Scientific evidence and robust community  input has me hopeful that we can sustain a healthy, vibrant watershed  and Nation for generations to come.   