 Mr. President, I rise today to express significant  concern about the Biden administration's decision to file an amicus  brief in the case of Ramona Matos Rodriguez v. Pan American Health  Organization.   This case involves serious allegations that the Pan American Health  Organization facilitated human trafficking and regrettably places the  administration in a position in which it is undercutting efforts by the  victims of the Cuban dictatorship's forced labor schemes.   Now, let me be clear, I am a strong advocate for the Pan American  Health Organization and its mission strengthening health systems across  Latin America and the Caribbean. Given the significant impact of COVID- 19 on the region, PAHO's efforts are needed now more than ever, and I  have fought to ensure that the Pan American Health Organization has the  resources it needs to carry out its lifesaving work during the pandemic  and throughout a good period of time of my congressional career.  However, I also firmly believe that the Pan American Health  Organization must be held accountable for its past transgressions,  including the unacceptable role that it played facilitating a program  that subjected more than 10,000 Cuban medical professionals to forced  labor conditions in Brazil.   From 2013 to 2019, the Pan American Health Organization profited from  its participation in Brazil's Mais Medicos Program, an initiative that  allowed Cuba's dictatorship to earn income from trafficking doctors.   The Cuban regime's so-called foreign medical missions are nothing  more than human trafficking. In November of 2019, the United Nation's  Special Rapporteur on contemporary forms of slavery and the United  Nation's Special Rapporteur on trafficking in persons raised concerns  that the Cuban regime's trafficking of medical professionals  constitutes forced labor and modern slavery.   In fact, the Department of State's last ``Trafficking in Persons''  report found the Cuban regime garnishes the wages of its medical  professionals that serve overseas, surveils them, confiscates their  passports so they can't  [[Page S4565]]  leave anywhere, and retaliates against family members in Cuba if they  leave from the program. So if you send me abroad, don't pay me, get  money from the country that you send me from, take away my passport,  and retaliate against my family, that is the ultimate forced labor.  Cuba's dictatorship generated more than $6 billion in profit from its  forced labor schemes in 2018 alone as it trafficked tens of thousands  of Cuban medical professionals to some 60 countries.   The Pan American Health Organization's participation in the Cuban  dictatorship's human trafficking programs cannot be overlooked, and  accountability is urgently needed.   It is against this backdrop that I have reviewed the Biden  administration's amicus brief in Rodriguez v. Pan American Health  Organization. And while the brief addresses some of the technical  aspects of the case, it effectively does nothing--nothing--to condemn  Cuba's dictatorship for human trafficking or the Pan American Health  Organization's participation in those programs that were human  trafficking.   For over two decades, the United States has led the international  community in combating human trafficking. In 2000, the United States  enacted the Trafficking Victims Protection Act--something I was  involved with in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee--which has set  a standard for countries around the world to strengthen efforts to  prosecute traffickers, increase protection for victims, and expand  foreign assistance programs. We have built a range of financial tools  to combat the human trafficking industry and its illicit profits. We  have spearheaded efforts to ensure that slavery-free supply chains-- slavery-free supply chains--that respect workers' rights and prevent  against forced labor conditions around the world become more and more a  reality.   The Biden administration squandered an opportunity in this brief, an  opportunity to support Cuban trafficking victims and an opportunity to  advance our extraordinary American leadership in combating all forms of  human trafficking and modern slavery. It is a major disappointment.   I urge the President and the Secretary of State to redouble efforts  to pressure Cuba to end this medical trafficking program and the many  other abuses it perpetrates against the Cuban people.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, I have  real concerns my colleagues' efforts to subvert the legislative process  and push through a bill without due consideration from the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee. I know my distinguished colleague from  Florida is very interested in these issues. I hope he would ask his  leadership to put him on the committee because he consistently comes to  the floor and wants to circumvent the committee. This is not the first  time.   Let me be very clear: Hamas is a terrorist organization, and the  terrorists who lead Hamas have no regard for human life, whether they  be the life of innocent Israelis targeted by their rocket attacks or  the Palestinian families they constantly put in harm's way.   Israel has every right and responsibility to defend herself from  attacks against their civilians, and the United States does not, and  will not, ever provide funding to Hamas. Neither of those statements  are up for debate. In fact, I would argue that every single Member of  this body agrees with those assertions.   Indeed, the Senate has a long history of carefully crafting foreign  aid programs with robust oversight, as well as sanctions that target  Hamas and its supporters. With that in mind, there is simply no reason  this bill can't go through regular order and sustain a markup in the  Foreign Relations Committee. I looked at the dates of introduction and  then its subsequent referrals--less than 3 weeks. We have done it  before, and we can do it again.   As the chair of the Foreign Relations Committee, I have shown that I  prioritize moving serious, bipartisan legislation. This bill in  question is not a serious attempt at legislating; it is a partisan  talking point.   Had the Senator from Florida, who is the chair of the Republican  Senatorial Campaign Committee, or any of the bill's sponsors had a  genuine interest in asserting Congress's role in foreign policy and the  hard work that goes into legislating, they would have gone through the  regular order of the committee process. They did not.    Instead, I imagine they would rather relish in a tweet proclaiming  that Democrats support taxpayer funding of Hamas or oppose defending  Israel. And all I can say to this is, enough abusing the United States- Israel relationship for partisan political purposes. It does damage to  the United States. It does damage to the State of Israel.   I am proud of my legislative efforts to defend Israel for over three  decades, and I would argue that the facts that these efforts have been  bipartisan speak to the strength of the United States-Israel  relationship. Both Republicans and Democrats share a long track record  of working together to defend Israel's right to exist and legislating  accountability for U.S. taxpayer dollars spent overseas. But we have to  do the work, and I do believe there are Senators who are genuinely  interested in working toward that goal.   The truth is, we already have a number of laws and regulations in  place regarding the delivery of lifesaving humanitarian relief. As  written, this bill, by way of example why we have bills go through the  committee so they can be worked on, seems intended to ensure that  nobody in Gaza could ever receive any of this support. The language is  written so broadly that, for example, before delivering clean water or  water infrastructure, the President would effectively have to certify  that anyone related to Hamas would never drink that water or drink from  a water fountain that carried that water. That is simply absurd.   I would welcome a robust discussion on the ways we can continue to  ensure that taxpayer dollars intended for lifesaving humanitarian  relief in Gaza and elsewhere can get to those who need it the most and  certainly evade and avoid the hands of Hamas.   Let's remember why we invest in foreign aid programs in the first  place. We do so in pursuit of our common humanity, of our values, and  our own security interests. So let's recognize the political games  being played on the floor today for what they are and reject them.   Because of all of those reasons, Madam President, I object.   