 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, the INVEST in America Act marks an important first  step forward on President Biden's jobs agenda. This legislation invests  in surface and water infrastructure to create jobs, revitalize the  economy, and improve public health.   I appreciate all the hard work that Chairman DeFazio and the members  of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee have done to make  our transportation sector greener and more equitable.   I am proud of the important drinking water legislation and vehicle  safety legislation that is included in this bill that came out of my  committee, the Energy and Commerce Committee.   Madam Speaker, the drinking water provisions of this bill combine two  pieces of legislation, the AQUA Act of 2021, authored by Environment  and Climate Change Subcommittee Chairman Tonko, and the Low-Income  Water Customer Assistance Program led by Representatives Blunt  Rochester, Katko, Dingell, and Tlaib.   Safe drinking water is one of our most fundamental human rights, yet  right now, there are millions of Americans across the country who  cannot trust that the water coming out of their taps is safe. That is  simply unacceptable, and it is why the INVEST in America Act invests  $117 billion to address drinking water infrastructure safety and  affordability.   The legislation increases authorizations for drinking water programs  by more than $80 billion, including funding to replace lead service  lines nationwide. There is no safe level of lead exposure. It comes  with tremendous human health risks, and that is why we must replace the  lead service lines that deliver our water and ensure every home is safe  from lead contamination.   The legislation also funds water resiliency programs, school drinking  water safety programs, and Tribal water programs. Investments in  drinking water infrastructure have a proven track record of creating  jobs while improving public health protections. Requirements included  in this bill will ensure those jobs and those health benefits reach  environmental justice communities.   The bill will also improve drinking water safety by repairing the  broken standard-setting process under the Safe Drinking Water Act. We  all know that we need to do more to ensure the safety of our drinking  water. This bill would make targeted changes and set deadlines to  empower the EPA to set the protective drinking water standards that our  communities need.   Madam Speaker, the bill provides assistance to low-income families so  they can afford their water bills. Financial hardship should not stand  between any family and basic access to water. This bill creates two  water assistance programs similar to the successful Low Income Home  Energy Assistance Program, better known as LIHEAP.   We also authorize funding to reduce or eliminate customer debt and  prohibit water service shutoffs for 5 years for the participating water  systems. These funds will give families peace of mind that they will  continue to have access to safe, clean, and affordable water.   The legislation also includes auto safety reforms that mandate proven  safety technologies that could save 20,000 lives per year. In 2020  alone vehicular crashes resulted in over 42,000 deaths. The INVEST in  America Act includes a bold vision of safety and innovation that will  save lives, boost domestic manufacturing, and strengthen our industrial  base. The safety reforms will deploy existing proven technologies that  can have immediate lifesaving effects such as crash avoidance systems,  drunk driving prevention technology, and it will put an end to children  dying in hot cars.   It also includes my Five-Stars for Safe Cars Act, legislation  modernizing the five-star safety rating for the 21st century, providing  consumers with  [[Page H3515]]  meaningful comparative information about the safety of vehicles.   Now, in addition to our water and safety provisions, Madam Speaker,  there are several important amendments that will strengthen the bill  even further.   Particularly, I urge support for an amendment from Energy  Subcommittee Chairman Rush that will supercharge electric vehicle  infrastructure and electric vehicle deployment. It also encourages the  domestic manufacturing of electric vehicle and infrastructure  components.   I also urge support for Representative Dingell's clean energy  technology accelerator amendment that incorporates her bipartisan  legislation with Representative Young and provides financing for clean  energy infrastructure.   So, Madam Speaker, the INVEST in America Act is transformative  legislation that focuses our investments where they belong:  revitalizing and modernizing our infrastructure, creating new, good- paying jobs, and taking a critical step to fulfill President Biden's  promise to build back better.   Madam Speaker, I urge strong bipartisan support for this legislation,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McNerney), who is a member of our committee and always  looking to make everything green.    Madam Speaker, may I inquire about the time remaining on  each side.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  New York (Mr. Tonko), who is the author of the AQUA Act, which is the  infrastructure piece of the water bill, and the chairman of the  Environment and Climate Change Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Oregon (Mr. Schrader).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Ms. Tlaib), who has been so helpful in putting together the  infrastructure and the assistance program in this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Garcia).    Mr. Speaker, can I ask again how much time remains on  each side?    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky), who is the chair of our Consumer Protection  and Commerce Subcommittee, and is the author of many of the auto safety  provisions in this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I respect my colleague from Pennsylvania, but I have to say, I  totally disagree that this legislation is not necessary.   We know that America's drinking water infrastructure is failing.  Anyone who experienced what happened in Flint, Michigan, or my own  State, in Newark, knows that there are all of these lead pipes out  there that need to be replaced. Congress has to take bold action to  deliver crucial drinking water improvements that communities all around  the Nation desperately need.   I heard what my colleague, Congresswoman Tlaib, said, that safe  drinking water is a fundamental human right, and that is true. These  bills include significant and meaningful investments and reform that  will ensure that every household has safe, reliable, and affordable  drinking water.   Congresswoman Tlaib and the Michigan delegation, they really brought  [[Page H3518]]  home to us, practically speaking, what needs to be done here, both with  the infrastructure improvements for drinking water as well as for the  assistance for households and those with debt.   Mr. Speaker, this is a very important bill. I urge bipartisan  support, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the en bloc No. 3  Republican amendments.   Some of my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee on the  Republican side earlier said that this water bill was not necessary,  and I strongly disagree. A lot needs to be done to ensure the safety of  our drinking water. We saw what happened in Flint. In my State, we saw  serious lead contamination in Newark.    This bill would provide new resources to address lead and PFAS in  drinking  [[Page H3542]]  water, including $45 billion for lead service line replacement. But the  Rodgers amendment in this bloc would strip these resources out. And,  unfortunately, the Hudson amendment would direct the PFAS resources in  the bill toward just one set of PFAS chemicals, undermining access to  those resources for communities in need.   The underlying bill would provide increased funds for resiliency, to  help water systems plan for and adapt to climate change. But the  Rodgers amendment would strip out those increases.   The underlying bill provides for deadlines for the EPA to set health- protective standards for PFAS, 1,4-dioxane, and microcystin toxin,  which are long overdue. But the Rodgers amendment would strip out those  deadlines.   The underlying bill also makes targeted changes to improve the  standard-setting process and empower EPA to set standards as needed.  The current standard-setting process has been an utter failure. EPA has  not been able to complete that process for a single drinking water  standard in the 25 years it has been in place. That should be  unacceptable to all of us. But the Rodgers and McKinley amendments  would strip out the changes this bill makes on standard-setting.   Instead of working with us to improve the standard-setting process,  my Republican colleagues seem intent on preserving the status quo,  despite so much evidence that this is simply not enough.   Let me turn briefly to the affordability provisions of this bill.  This bill authorizes significant new funding to reduce or eliminate  customer water debt, recognizing that water debt has become a crisis in  this country. Importantly, water systems taking these funds will agree  not to shut off customer water access for nonpayment for a 5-year  period, offering families peace of mind as we all recover from the  pandemic. But Representative Curtis' amendment would strip out that  shutoff moratorium and make it harder for EPA to get this assistance  out the door.   Last but not least, the drinking water provisions of this bill will  establish permanent rate assistance programs for drinking water and  wastewater service to help families pay their bills and avoid a repeat  of our current debt crisis. These programs have broad support from all  kinds of stakeholders.   Safe drinking water is a fundamental human right, and the drinking  water provisions we have included in the INVEST in America Act include  significant and meaningful investments and reforms to help guarantee  that right. The Republican amendments in this bloc would undermine each  of these improvements, leaving nothing but the status quo.   It is no longer enough to keep pushing the status quo. We have urgent  public health and infrastructure needs that require that we build back  better, as the President says. The INVEST in America Act takes  significant steps toward repairing our water infrastructure, creating  jobs, and protecting public health.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on these harmful  amendments and pass the underlying bill to affirm that safe drinking  water is a fundamental human right.    Mr. Speaker, I stand in support of this amendment. I  would like to thank the chairman of the Energy and Commerce's Energy  Subcommittee, Chairman Rush, for his dedicated commitment to supporting  the development of electric vehicle infrastructure.   Electrifying the transportation sector is critical to meeting our  climate goals. It is expected that nearly seven million electric  vehicles will be sold per year by 2025. To ensure we are ready for this  growing demand, we must invest in the necessary charging and  manufacturing infrastructure so that Americans are able to reliably  power their cars. Chairman Rush's amendment is crucial to this effort  and supports charging infrastructure build-out.   We must also guarantee the benefits of electric vehicles are  available and accessible to all communities. Minority communities and  rural and underserved communities, stand to benefit from EV  infrastructure development, as EV charging infrastructure can help  support local economies and help support reduced emissions. Provisions  in this amendment help address the lack of EV infrastructure in these  communities and bring resources to this area.   Additionally, as we see growing EV adoption in this country, we must  make sure our transition prioritizes American workers.   