 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2662,  the IG Independence and Empowerment Act. I want to thank the chairwoman  of the committee for her leadership, especially in bringing forward  this important legislative package to bolster the independence and  protection of oversight of Federal inspectors general while holding  them more accountable to Congress and the American people at the same  time.   Our Subcommittee on Government Operations held a hearing in April  that highlighted the need for this legislation. At the hearing, we  discussed how the former President, Mr. Trump, exploited statutory  loopholes repeatedly to attack Federal IGs, firing well-respected IGs  for investigating policies of political allies he liked.   President Trump also appointed political agency officials to serve as  acting IGs, this double-hatting Ms. Porter just talked about. This  legislation would address that. We cannot allow these actions to be  repeated.   IGs are unique in the Federal Government, serving to root out waste,  fraud, abuse, and gross mismanagement. They report both to the  executive and legislative branches of government. This bill bolsters  IGs on both fronts.   Importantly, the bill ensures the President or an agency head can  remove an IG only for documented cause, and I think that is a very  important new standard. This measure will ensure that IGs can be  removed when appropriate and cannot be removed simply because they  speak truth to power.   I authored two additional provisions included in this legislation.  The first, the Integrity Committee Transparency Act, is a bipartisan  provision I drafted with my ranking member, Mr. Hice. This provision  would codify and enhance administrative reporting reforms at the  Integrity Committee. Just this week, we saw how important that can be.   It would also require the Integrity Committee to report immediately  any particularly serious and flagrant problems, abuses, or deficiencies  at the Office of Inspector General to the IG of that office.   Importantly, the provision also expands the membership of the  Integrity Committee to include a former inspector general, increasing  acumen and accountability and some distance.   These are critical measures necessary in the wake of cases in which  the Integrity Committee has sometimes fallen short in its reporting to  this body, to the Congress. In one recent allegation of wrongdoing, it  took nearly 4 years for the Integrity Committee to complete its  investigation, and employees at that office continued to struggle under  an IG who conducted herself with clear negligence. That case got  resolved today with the announcement that that IG is going to retire.   IGs cannot afford to be poor leaders, nor can we afford to have them  be poor leaders. They must be model Federal employees if their  credibility and integrity are to be trusted.   We also champion title VII of this bill, the Enhanced Whistleblower  Engagement Act. This provision requires OIG employees to undergo  whistleblower training, mandates engagement between a designated  whistleblower coordinator and the Integrity Committee, and requires  CIGIE to identify best practices for the timely and appropriate  handling of alleged reprisals within an OIG.    Madam Speaker, this measure is nearly identical to a  bipartisan provision in the Senate crafted by Republican Senator  Grassley from Iowa.   In addition to these provisions, the bill includes several other  important measures to bolster the independence of our nonpartisan  watchdogs. This bill is an important bill in reasserting the  independence, accountability, and transparency of IGs. They are a  critical part of making this government work and rebuilding American  trust in its government.   I thank the distinguished chairwoman for her leadership in bringing  this bill before us. I urge Members on both sides of the aisle to  support this bill.    