 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this week is the 48th annual March for  Life. It is an event when thousands of Americans come together to  advocate for the value and protection of unborn human life.   They will be coming together this year differently than they have for  almost 50 years, but for almost 50 years, millions of people have  marched to Capitol Hill to try to build a culture wherein every human  life is valued and every human life is protected. That includes  tireless women and men and children from my home State of Missouri who  come to Washington, both individually and along with the Missouri Life  Caravan, every year. It will be the first year in a long time I haven't  spoken to that group in person, but as they meet virtually, their cause  is still as resonant as it is in person.   I know that Missourians will continue to advocate for life. They will  continue to remember the unborn and those whom we have lost from  abortion. This year's theme of the march is ``Together Strong: Life  Unites!'' It is a pretty hard theme to argue with no matter how you  feel about this particular topic. ``Unity'' doesn't mean believing the  same thing about everything, but it does mean agreeing about one very  important thing in terms of this event, and that important thing, of  course, is the value and protection of life.   This belief in life cuts across religion. It cuts across party lines.  It cuts across geographic boundaries. People and organizations from all  religious backgrounds--and even those who have no religious  affiliations--are part of the pro-life movement, and they oppose  abortion in almost all cases. Polling shows that more than a third of  Democrats in America support protections for life, and there are groups  dedicated to showing that pro-life is not a partisan issue. Frankly,  that is a move in the right direction to where you don't feel like you  are included in one party or excluded from one party because of your  view on this issue.   Last year's Geneva Consensus Declaration brought together more than  30 countries to promote women's health and strengthen the family,  including the preservation of human life. We need to do everything we  can to save the lives of babies and of mothers. Maternity mortality is  a big problem in our country and around the world. It has become a  focus of the Congress in recent years and needs to continue to be. Even  though the issue of life so often is polarized in the U.S. Congress, I  am still encouraged that we see a powerful commitment, over and over,  [[Page S165]]  to protect the unborn and how that breaks through in other areas  outside of the Congress. For the past 4 years, we have seen an  unprecedented advance in the protections for the unborn in State  legislatures.    In the next few years, we can expect to see efforts to try to move  things in another direction, to weaken or remove life protections in,  for instance, the title X family planning program or in our foreign aid  programs. There is a well-funded effort to abandon even the  longstanding Hyde amendment, which prevents taxpayer funding of  abortion or abortion coverage in Federal healthcare programs.   As the chairman of the Labor, Health and Human Services  Appropriations Committee, I oversaw the yearly renewal of the Hyde  amendment, which has been included in that bill for the past 40 years.  Now I won't be the chairman of that committee in this Congress, but I  will still be fighting to see that we maintain this area where there  has been great consensus that went beyond political parties.   I will continue to support and advocate for the Hyde amendment and  for permanent Federal protections for the unborn through legislation  like the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act and the No Taxpayer  Funding for Abortion Act, among other things.   Although the pro-life movement can expect challenges in this  Congress, there are still many signs that one day we will succeed in  creating a culture where every human life is valued and protected. For  now, however, I want to thank the men, women, and children who dedicate  their time and talents to making this happen, who today are marching  virtually as they join together to talk about this important cause and  remember the theme of this year, which is ``Together Strong: Life  Unites!''   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   