 Gosh, Mr. President, I wish I didn't have to give this  talk.   I think it is a bipartisan observation that, unfortunately, Americans  are paying a lot more for just about everything. I asked my staff to  put together some inflation numbers, and they are just breathtaking:  gasoline, up 50 percent; rental cars, up 42.9 percent; you need a used  car or truck, they are up 26 percent; a turkey, 20.2 percent; bacon,  20.2 percent; beef, 20.1 percent; pork chops, 15.9 percent; bedroom  furniture, 12 percent higher than last year; eggs, up 11.6 percent;  televisions, up 10 percent; frozen fruits and vegetables, up 7\1/2\  percent; chicken, up 8.8 percent; shoes, up 8 percent; baby food, up 8  percent; children's clothes, up 7.6 percent. And I could keep going.  Unbelievable.   Now, I believe in calling them like I see them. I think most  fairminded Americans know that President Biden is responsible for this  inflation. You don't have to be Einstein's cousin to figure that out.  But put the politics aside. The shame of all this is that the burden of  these price increases is falling on the backs of the American people,  and while Washington is obsessed with the politics of it, the American  people and the people in my State have to bear the cost.   A lot of people, Mr. President, as you well know, just can't afford  to pay 50 percent more to fill up their gas tanks. They can't afford to  have to stop and go arrange a bank loan to go to the gas station or to  the grocery store.   Unfortunately, for Americans in my State and your State and across  the country, here with winter coming on, the cost of heating homes is  also going up just in time for temperatures to fall. So the cost of  heating is going up, and the temperatures are going down. A lot of  families are going to have to shell out up to 30 percent more for  natural gas than they did this past year. Ask them if their income went  up 30 percent.   As our days grow shorter, the economic landscape, unfortunately, is  getting darker.   Thanksgiving is just around the corner. It is a cherished American  holiday.   But even the holiday that Americans observe in order to count our  blessings is coming with new hardships. According to the New York  Times, Thanksgiving 2021, and I quote, ``could be the most expensive  meal in the history of the holiday.''   As I just mentioned a few seconds ago, frozen turkey is going to set  you back 20 percent more than it did last year. If you like gravy with  your turkey, get ready to pay 7 percent more for gravy. Maybe you don't  eat meat. Maybe you are a vegan. Unfortunately, frozen vegetables are  also going to cost you 7 to 7\1/2\ percent more, and the high prices  only apply if you can find food in the supermarkets. Some of these food  products, you can't even find with Google. There is no guarantee that  the cranberry sauce and the sweet potatoes will be in stock come  dinnertime.   Now, this is America. This is 2021. This isn't the Soviet Union, 30,  40, 50 years ago. My God, Washington ought to hide its head in a bag.   The official general inflation rate is 6.2 percent higher than it was  last October, and that happens to be the largest increase in over 30  years. But we all know, and I can tell you, real people in the real  world who go to the grocery store and the clothing store and pay their  insurance bill and go try to buy an automobile know that it is not 6.2  percent. It is a lot higher.   I need to ask a question, though. Are you really surprised? Are you  really surprised that prices are rising when the Biden administration  is printing money, when the Biden administration is exploding our debt,  when the Biden administration is forfeiting America's energy  independence, when the Biden administration is paying people to watch  Netflix instead of producing the goods we need, when the Biden  administration is ignoring gridlock in our supply chain? The American  people aren't surprised.   For months--for months--the White House has turned gaslighting  Americans about the inflation crisis into an art form. White House  officials pretend inflation--if you ask them--oh, it is just  temporary--a temporary problem. Temporary, a rat's rear end. It is  actually a soul-crushing, job-killing tax on working Americans. That is  what inflation is.   Every time you go to the grocery store, your taxes go up. And  inflation hits lower-income and middle-income families the hardest. And  anyone who doesn't believe that should ask Secretary Kerry whether fuel  prices have grounded his private jet. Of course not. He is rich. He has  got a private jet. He doesn't feel it.   You know who feels it? The moms and dads in this country who get up  every day, who go to work and obey the law and pay their taxes and try  to do the right thing by their kids and try to save a little money for  retirement. That is who pays this tax that the economists call  inflation.   This inflation didn't just appear out of nowhere. I mean, any  economist with a pulse knows where this inflation came from. Inflation  comes from too much money chasing too few goods. And when you have an  administration, as we do with the Biden administration, that spends  money like it was gully dirt, whose mantra is, ``We can't possibly  spend enough taxpayer money, there is not enough hours in the day''--of  course, you don't have inflation. Of course, you don't have inflation.   Now, what is President Biden doing tonight? Well, I have noticed that  the Biden administration, when it comes to economics and other areas as  well, they never make the same mistake twice. They make it five or six  times, just to be sure.   So how's the Biden administration going to deal with this economic  cancer of inflation which is killing the American people? Their idea  is: Let's go pass a spending orgy bill--they call  [[Page S8338]]  it reconciliation--of epic, epic proportions, chockful of welfare  blowouts when we can't afford the social programs we have now.   Are you kidding me?   Are you kidding me?   And one White House official claimed earlier this week that the  President's--he calls it a $1.75 trillion bill. It is going to end up,  we all know, being a lot more than that. He says it will actually  reduce inflation. Right--and those aren't hogs in the hog lot.   Just wait. The fact is, unless you were in the quad playing Frisbee  during Econ 101, you know this is truth. The fact is that massive  government spending has kept workers on the sidelines and has fueled  inflation. But the only comfort the permanent Washington types are  sending to folks gathered around a historically expensive Thanksgiving  table is that more--not less--more of the same insane policies are  coming down the pipeline through what the President calls the Build  Back Better bill. And I think most Americans call it the Build Back  Broker bill.   Have you looked at the bill?   I looked at the House bill a bit. I started reading it. I am probably  going to go broke just reading the thing.   Neosocialists love this bill. They love it like the devil loves sin,  but the American people aren't going to love it. Louisianans are not  going to love it. Louisianans love their families, and they just want  to provide for them, especially at Thanksgiving and at Christmas. And  they can't do it with inflation raging.   This Thanksgiving, what most Americans need the most is relief--not  just relief from inflation, but relief from bad leadership.   Now, I want my friends in the Biden White House to know that I am  genuinely interested in working with them to solve America's inflation  problem, but you are not going to do it by spending more money. You are  not going to do it by throwing gasoline on the fire.   The first rule is to do no harm. Do no harm, and by that, I mean that  my Democratic friends should stop trying to ram this multitrillion  dollar tax-and-spend bill through Congress. And they should stop for  two reasons: Americans don't want it, and Americans can't afford it.   So this Thanksgiving, Madam President--and I hope you have a good  one--I hope my Democratic friends will give up on tying millstones  around the neck of the American economy. I hope they will give up  fueling inflation with another extremist spending orgy bill.   And if they would do that, if they would just do that, Americans  could sit down to eat next Thursday and give thanks that compassion and  common sense have finally prevailed in Washington, DC, where, frankly,  on most issues, common sense is illegal.   Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   