 Mr. Speaker, the ALLIES Act is a chance for Congress to  ensure that America honors its promise to our Afghan partners and  friends.   The phrase ``life and death'' gets tossed around in this Chamber, but  this bill is truly that for thousands of our Afghan friends. The  Taliban is intent on hunting down and killing Afghans that served  alongside Americans for the past 20 years.   Some Members of this body, including me, may not be here today  without the service and sacrifice of Afghans who answered the call to  serve shoulder to shoulder with us. Those Afghans knew the risk that  their service posed to them and their families, yet they signed up to  help because they believed we would have their back.   They have already demonstrated unwavering courage and loyalty by  working alongside us. They have demonstrated their commitment to  America, and they have earned a path to safety.   The U.S. combat mission in Afghanistan will come to an end in a  matter of weeks. At the same time, the threat to our Afghan partners  who served alongside men and women is increasing drastically every  single day.   Simply put, we are running out of time. They are running out of time.  We must streamline the Afghan Special Immigrant Visa process and  increase the number of visas to match the pipeline of applicants. The  ALLIES Act does just that.   The ALLIES Act removes several administrative barriers to expedite  visa processing, and it makes these changes without weakening the  important security vetting of applicants. The bill allows family  members of deceased SIV applicants to continue through the process if  the applicant is killed before visa approval.   The bill clarifies that Afghans who worked to benefit the U.S.  mission under federally funded cooperative agreements and grants also  qualify for the program. This includes Afghans who performed critical  democracy, human rights, and governance work on behalf of the U.S.   Lastly, the ALLIES Act raises the visa cap by 8,000 visas to meet the  current number of applicants.   Before I close, let me thank the Honoring Our Promises Working Group,  a bipartisan group; the Biden administration; Leader Hoyer; and the  Judiciary Committee for their partnership in crafting this bill and  getting us to the vote today.   This is personal to any of us who served with the men and women who  will be saved by this bill. But it is also a moral and national  security issue for America.   It is a moral issue because the American handshake must matter. We  must be a country that honors our promises if we are to be a beacon of  hope and democracy for the world.   It is a national security issue because America is strong, not just  because we have aircraft carriers and fighters and bombers, but because  we have friends and allies. We don't go it alone. We face many threats,  and we will continue to in the future, and we will need friends to help  us face those threats. If we turn our back on the Afghans who served  with us for the last two decades, it is going to be awfully hard to  find future friends.   Mr. Speaker, this is our chance to do the right thing. I urge my  colleagues to join me in supporting the ALLIES Act.   