 Madam President, before we hear from Senator Booker and  Senator Bennet and Senator Warnock on one of the best things this  Senate has done in my career, that being the extension of the child tax  credit and the earned income tax credit, I just want to say a few words  about someone we just voted on at the Department of the Treasury who is  so, so important, Adewale Adeyemo, who will be Janet Yellen's--one  exemplary Treasury Secretary--Chief of Staff. He is a terrific public  servant.   Senator Cortez Masto, the Presiding Officer, and I were talking a few  minutes ago about the importance of the Treasury Department in so many  things from the child tax credit, to the pension bill, to so many  things that we do that matter--getting the $1,400 checks out and making  sure our tax system is fair.   Senator Bennet and I serve together with Senator Cortez Masto and  others on the Committee on Finance. What that means and what we are  trying to do on that committee is to take away the 50-percent-off  coupon from corporations that shut down production in Reno or in  Boulder or in Cleveland or in Newark and move overseas. They get,  essentially, a 50-percent-off coupon on their taxes. We need to close  those loopholes. We need a Treasury Secretary, and we need Adewale  Adeyemo, who will make a huge difference in our work there.   So I thank Senator Schumer and those on both sides of the aisle for  finally confirming him today and getting him to work.   I yield to Senator Bennet, who, I think, is going to start or, maybe,  Senator Booker.   Less than 2 weeks ago, President Biden signed the American Rescue  Plan into law. He ushered in some of the most transformative economic  policies to come out of Washington in generations.   By expanding access to and eligibility for the child tax credit and  the earned income tax credit, the American Rescue Plan is going to lift  10 million kids above or closer to the poverty line and put money in  the pockets of 17 million American workers across the country.   I want to start out by noting that both the income--low-income and  middle-income families and workers potentially qualify for these  credits, and they will be issued periodically via check and direct  deposit. American workers should know this was a profound change that  will benefit you.   American workers also have to know that they won't have to wait until  next year. You won't have to start to see advanced payments of these  credits 6, 7, 10 months down--you will see them as early as July. And  because of the changes that we made, if you didn't previously qualify  because you didn't have a high enough income, you could be eligible  now.   I am so proud to be here today alongside Senator Brown, Senator  Bennet, Senator Warnock, the Presiding Officer, who are in large part  responsible for this powerful lifeline to the American people and,  critically, for our children.   Senator Bennet, Senator Brown, Senator Warnock, thank you. You are  champions who have been fighting in and out of the Senate and  understand not just the economic urgency but the moral urgency to  address poverty. And that is really what we are all here to talk  about--the urgency of the crisis of poverty and specifically child  poverty.   In America, this is unacceptable. In the wealthiest Nation on the  planet Earth, the question of poverty is not one of inevitability; it  is one of policy choice. It is not if we can do something; it is will  we do something.   Tonight, I am going home to Newark, driving very soon, where I have  lived over the past 20 years. I am proud to call Newark home. I am  proud to be a part of a community of people who take care of each  other. I am proud to be part of a community that is rich with dignity,  rich with activism and intellect and engagement.   But we are also a community, like so many others in America, that  still struggles. According to the last census, the median income for  the census track that I live in was about $14,000 per household, and  that was before the dual public health and economic crises of the COVID  pandemic.   And in my community, like many others, urban and rural, across  America, adults aren't the only ones struggling; our kids are too. In  fact, the poorest age group in America is our children, with one in six  American kids living in poverty. It is nothing less than a moral  obscenity that the richest Nation in the world should have the highest  rates of child poverty in the developed world.   For adults, poverty has a technical definition. It is a federally  defined guideline--an amount of annual income that you fall under that  also takes into account how many people are in your household.   For kids, poverty is defined by what they experience every single  day, by what happens to them. It is growing up being more likely to  deal with food insecurity, not knowing where your next meal will come  from or when it will come. It is facing housing insecurity. A quarter  of kids living in poverty will have gone through an eviction before  they turn 15 years old.   Kids in poverty have worse health outcomes, worse educational  outcomes, and are more likely to become entrapped in our broken  criminal justice system. And kids who grow up in poverty are more  likely to be poor as adults.   Study after study has shown how children who live in poverty have  higher levels of stress hormones. The stress of poverty literally  affects their brains. It inhibits brain development. It is violence  against the brain of a child.   One child poverty expert described the stress hormones that are  constantly released in kids growing up in poverty as similar to the  feeling that an adult would get after a car crash--every single day.  This is violence.   We know that when a child experiences poverty, there are lifelong  psychological and physiological effects they carry with them. Study  after study after study has borne this out.  [[Page S1842]]  For kids, poverty is literally dangerous for their development,  dangerous for their health, and they could have permanent and lasting  damage to their brains.   The cruelty of this crisis is that no parent would ever choose that  for their child. Poor parents do not choose for their kids to  experience the daily trauma of poverty. They do not choose to condemn  their kids to a life of worse education outcomes, worse health  outcomes.   What we must understand is that child poverty is not a choice that  low-income parents make. It is a failure of our country to take  collective responsibility for the well-being of American children. This  is a moral sin. It is not a sin to be poor but a sin to tolerate such  poverty in our communities.   Almost 2 weeks ago, Congress and President Biden made the choice to  do something about this American sin, this unacceptable reality, this  moral obscenity--the violence happening to so many children. They did  something about it; we did something about it in the American Rescue  Plan. And now we are calling on our--really, we are on our way for a  year to cut child poverty in half; for Black children more than in  half, 52 percent; for Hispanic children, by 45 percent; for Native  American children, by 62 percent.   That is millions of kids across the country who will not face the  violence of poverty. In New Jersey, that is 89,000 kids and their  families who are not just going to be lifted out of poverty but will be  given the opportunities and the freedoms that come with being able to  build a life and a future beyond without the trauma that comes with  poverty.   That is why we are together here this afternoon--because lifting kids  out of poverty is not just about ending a crisis but about beginning a  new American tradition of giving every child what every child should  have in America as a birthright. It is about creating freedom and  liberty from the oppression of poverty. We have the power to do this.  We have the tools to do it, and we know it makes good economic sense to  get kids and adults out of poverty.   I love what James Baldwin wrote. He said: ``Anyone who has ever  struggled with poverty knows how . . . expensive it is to be poor.''  Well, that is also true for our country. Whether we realize it or not,  child poverty is expensive for all of us, costing our country $1.1  trillion every year. But investing in ending poverty benefits us all.  Every dollar spent on combating child poverty saves this Nation $7 down  the road; $1 invested saves us $7 later. Other countries, our peers,  have made thes kinds of investments in children and families and have  reaped rewards that we are denying ourselves.    Expanding the child tax credit and the earned income tax credit and  making them permanent are proven, data-driven, evidence-based, result- apparent ways to respond to some of the most morally and economically  urgent challenges of the United States of America. These are the kinds  of investments in our people that will change life trajectories and  have a ripple effect for generations yet to come.   If you give the child--a child firmer ground on which to grow, they  will blossom and reap a harvest beyond our imagination. But if you  punish them in the trauma, in the violence of poverty, you decimate not  just their destinies but all of our destinies.   I am so grateful to have champions that are here today alongside me  in this effort, and, together, I know this is a crisis we are going to  meet, and this crisis we can overcome. I am proud of the work we have  done. Now we should make those changes to the earned income tax credit  and the child tax credit permanent.   I am proud to pass the microphone and the moment on to a great  champion of the child tax credit and the earned income tax credit, one  of the original authors of the legislation that was pulled from for our  recovery plan, and that is the Senator from Ohio, Sherrod Brown.    Thank you, Senator.    Mr. President, thanks to Senator Booker. I will be very  brief. I want to hear from Senator Bennet, and I know that the  Presiding Officer is going to switch chairs and be out here speaking on  this.   I am so appreciative of the Presiding Officer, who won his election  just in--on January 5. He was declared the winner--I don't know.  Georgia elections are a little different from those of us from other  places, and as soon as he was named the winner of that election, he  came here and has been in the Senate about 6 or 7 weeks now and is  already a leader on this fight that Senator Booker talked about in the  child tax credit and the earned income tax credit.   I have been here long enough to remember when the earned income tax  credit was--people just didn't know much about it, including our  constituents.   I used to, when I was a Member of the House, I would ask  accountants--CPAs and public accountants--to volunteer their time a  couple of Saturdays a month for the 2 or 3 months before April 15. They  would volunteer their time, and we encouraged people to sign up for the  earned income tax credit, and people making $20,000 or $25,000 a year  with kids would often get $2,000 or $3,000 in a tax refund, in real  dollars back, because they benefited from the earned income tax credit.   So what Senator Bennet and I have worked on for a number of years is  to continue to expand the earned income tax credit and now a big  expansion of the child tax credit. Senator Bennet has led on that  issue, on that expansion, and we worked together with Senator Booker  and now Senator Warnock to make a huge difference.   When I voted from this chair on January--I am sorry, on March 6, we  had been in session all night. We had voted time after time after time.  It was a partisan vote.   I mean, partisanship is not what Senator McConnell and my Republican  colleagues say it is. Something that is partisan or nonpartisan is what  the voters think, and the voters overwhelmingly support the earned  income tax credit, the child tax credit, and the whole American Rescue  Plan Act, and it will make such a huge difference in peoples' lives.   But I remember after that vote--it was 1 o'clock in the afternoon. I  was walking out of the building to drive back to Ohio. I drive every  week or a young man drives with me every week back home. And a reporter  stopped me and said: What do you think? I said: This is the best day of  my political life because we--what we did, as Cory Booker said, we are  cutting the child poverty rate in half.   In my State--and I don't think Colorado or Georgia is much different.  In my State, 92 percent of children in my State--92 percent of children  will benefit from the child tax credit and their families often also  benefit from the earned income tax credit. What is not to love about  that?   That is why, like, 40 Democratic Senators are signing a letter to the  President of the United States, asking--we have done this for a year,  this expansion to the child tax credit and the earned income tax  credit. We should do it permanently, and that is what--that is the  mission that the four of us Senators sitting in this room have, is to  make sure this is permanent because we know there will likely be good  economic growth next quarter, the quarter after, in large part, because  of what we have done with this rescue act. There will be strong  economic growth, but I want to make sure that growth is shared by  people at the bottom.   And it so often isn't. We have seen for 20 years--30 years we have  seen executive compensation explode upward. We have seen profits up. We  have seen worker productivity is up, but workers' wages are flat. That  is why, in the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee, we are  working so hard to make sure that we provide more housing for people so  that people have safe, affordable, accessible housing in this country  because, too often, they don't. That committee is called the Senate  Banking Committee around here. It is officially Banking, Housing, and  Urban Affairs, but for years it is all about banking and Wall Street  and very little about housing and urban affairs. We are changing that.  We are changing that, in part, because this body, under Senator  Bennet's leadership and others--this body is actually going to do the  right thing, as Cory Booker said, and make sure that America's children  have greater opportunities than they have had in the past. That is why  I am thrilled to be a part of this effort.  [[Page S1843]]    I yield to my friend from Colorado, Senator Bennet.   