 Madam President, on behalf of the people of California,  it is my honor to address this body today. I stand before you, humbled  and inspired by this moment in our Nation's history, as the Senator  from the most populous and most diverse State in the Nation and as the  first Latino Senator from the State of California. Let me begin by  saying what a great country this is.   My name is Alex Padilla.   (English translation of statement made in Spanish is as follows:)   I am the son of Santos and Lupe Padilla.   I am also the proud husband of Angela Padilla and the proud rad dad  of Roman, Alex, and Diego.   I love you guys.   Colleagues, my family's journey is central to my public service. My  parents immigrated to California from Mexico in the 1960s in search of  a better life. They arrived from different regions of Mexico, with  little formal education but with a tremendous work ethic and big  dreams. They met in Los Angeles. They fell in love. They decided to get  married and apply for green cards--in that order.   I thank the U.S. Government every day for saying yes to those  applications, because, if they had been denied, no doubt my life story  would be a lot different.   For 40 years, my father worked as a short order cook--hard work,  honest work--and as he will proudly tell you, his kitchen never failed  an inspection. For the same 40 years, my mom worked tirelessly cleaning  houses. It seemed like she never had a day off, but, together, they  raised three of us--my sister, my brother, and me--in a modest, three- bedroom home in the proud, working-class community of Pacoima, CA, in  the northeast San Fernando Valley.   Now, our neighborhood had more than its share of challenges--from  poverty to crime to unhealthy air. It might not have been the safest  neighborhood, but my mom felt blessed that we had the sanctuary of a  backyard and a strong sense of community. It was there that my parents  taught us about the values of service to others and of getting a good  education.   Today, my sister, my brother, and I are all public servants. My  sister has been a teacher, a principal, and, today, she works in  administration for the Los Angeles Unified School District. My brother  serves as chief of staff to Los Angeles City Council President Nury  Martinez. If you pay close attention there, yes, I am the middle child.  It may explain a lot.   Think about that. In one generation, our family has gone from being  immigrant cooks and house cleaners to serving in the U.S. Senate. That  is the California dream. That is the American dream. That is the dream  I was raised to believe in and the dream that Angela and I are working  hard to keep alive for our children and for future generations.   I think about my parents often, and I think about all of the hard- working people in our State and in our Nation who are hurting right  now. I rise today on their behalf.   I rise on behalf of the cooks, the dishwashers, and the domestic  workers who have seen their jobs and their lives upended by the COVID- 19 pandemic.   I rise on behalf of the farmworkers and delivery drivers and nurses  who have been on the frontlines of this pandemic and who have never  stopped showing up.   I rise on behalf of the 4 million small businesses in California and  the business owners, many who are hanging on by a thread and stretching  like they  [[Page S1520]]  have never stretched before to meet payroll.   I rise on behalf of the nearly 2.5 million California families who  are behind on their rent or behind on their mortgages, with bills  piling up, wondering how they will ever climb out of the hole.   I rise on behalf of the 11.2 million California adults who struggled  to meet basic household expenses last year, including many who relied  on food pantries just to get by.   I rise on behalf of the 56,000 California families and the more than  530,000 families across America who have lost a loved one, many who  died alone in a hospital room or a nursing home, deprived of the last  chance to hold hands or say goodbye.   The people of my State are hurting; the people of our country are  hurting, and we have a long way to go before we get back. The greatest  crisis of our lifetimes demands bold action. ``Building back better''  demands that we build back better for everybody and that we leave  nobody and no community behind. To do so requires that we open our eyes  to the deep, systemic inequities that have been exposed and exacerbated  by this crisis.   In my State, the reality is that there are two Californias just as  there are really two Americas--one for families who struggle to pay the  rent and make ends meet, who struggle to keep hope alive, and one for  those who can afford to work from home or from a second home, who can  more easily weather this storm.   We see two Californias where Latino, Black, and Asian households are  three times as likely to be behind on the rent. It is the story of the  single mom who lost her job due to the pandemic and who has depleted  her entire savings to keep a roof over her family's head.   We see two Californias where employment has actually increased for  people earning more than $60,000 a year while some parents are left to  make the impossible choice of either paying for food or paying their  utility bills so their kids can still log into online class.   We see two Californias, where the stock market reaches new highs for  some, while in the San Fernando Valley, too many families depend on  city or church food distribution sites to feed their children.   We see two Californias, where there is a stark disparity in who is  getting vaccinated and who is not.   Just take, for example, the city of Beverly Hills, where more than 25  percent of residents have received their first shot. That is a good  thing. What is not so good is that in South LA, less than 15 miles  away, the rate is just 5 percent.   And we see two Californias in the impact the pandemic has had on  immigrant communities--communities on the very frontlines of this  crisis.   I recently announced my first bill, the Citizenship for Essential  Workers Act, which would provide a well-earned pathway to citizenship  for undocumented immigrants who have risked their health as essential  workers. These are the workers whom we have all depended on during this  pandemic.   Now, millions of us have offered tremendous gestures and thanks for  their heroism and their hard work. Let's be honest with ourselves. Many  of these workers woke up before dawn today and took a bus to work so  that others could ``Zoom to work'' from the comfort of their own homes.   These essential workers take care of our loved ones. They keep the  supply chain moving. They grow and harvest our food, stock the shelves  at grocery stores, and will even deliver it to your door. They risk  their lives so that others can stay safer at home.   We cannot, in good conscience, praise them as essential workers in  one breath while denying them the essential human dignity they deserve  with the next.   Yes, dignity, respect, and a pathway to citizenship for essential  workers is personal to me, but it is also in the best interest of our  Nation.   These immigrants are paying more than their fair share. They are  deemed essential by the Federal Government for good reason, and they  have earned the rights and responsibilities of citizenship. We cannot  allow the American Dream to be a casualty of this pandemic. Relief and  recovery must be for everyone.   Now, the American Rescue Plan that this body passed and President  Biden just signed into law is a $1.9 trillion downpayment on this  promise. It will speed vaccination production and distribution, expand  testing and contact tracing, outfit our schools so kids and teachers  can safely return to the classroom, provide emergency mortgage and  rental assistance to families in need, and it will extend a lifeline to  keep millions of American small businesses from going under.   Now, I will tell you what it means for my home State. In addition to  what this bill will deliver to fight the virus, it also means immediate  food assistance for 4.3 million families, an increase in the standard  of living for 8 million California children, $15 billion for California  schools, $590 million to help combat homelessness on the streets of  California, and billions in direct checks for struggling families.   The American Rescue Plan provides a lifeline for American families,  workers, and businesses to survive what we all hope will be the last  months of this crisis.   It is one of the most transformational and progressive pieces of  legislation in our history, which will cut child poverty in half,  including for half a million children in California.   But our work is far from over. I believe now is the time to lead an  American comeback that leaves no working family behind--a comeback that  heals the longstanding divides in our society and unites our country, a  comeback that confronts the systemic injustices in our country so that  we can build back equitably.   It took almost 10 years to recover from the great recession. We lived  through the consequences of the moderate response to the financial  crisis--slow growth, poor pay, and millions without jobs. We cannot let  that happen again. We can and must build back better.   That means investing trillions in our infrastructure in a way that  uplifts communities and provides millions of good-paying union jobs and  in a way that addresses our climate crisis to help ensure that every  person has access to clean air and clean water.   It also means passing commonsense immigration reform that brings  humanity to our immigration system and recognizing that providing a  pathway to citizenship for people living and contributing to our  country is part--a strategic part--of our economic recovery as well.   That means protecting and strengthening our democracy by passing  voting rights and civil rights legislation. We should be making it  easier, not harder, for eligible people to register to vote, to stay  registered to vote, and to vote in every State in the country.   But as President Obama said in his farewell address, ``the work of  democracy has always been hard. It's always been contentious. Sometimes  it's been bloody. For every two steps forward, it often feels like we  take one step back.''   It is no surprise that reactionary State leaders around the country,  fearful of losing elections, fearful of losing power, are mobilizing to  suppress the vote as we speak.   Enough is enough. This Senate must act aggressively to protect the  right to vote, to strengthen the right to vote--no more steps back,  only steps forward. We must act boldly because that is what this moment  demands of us. We can't let anything keep us from bold action and  progress, including outdated rules and traditions.   We must end the filibuster. For decades, the filibuster has been  leveraged to obstruct progress. It helped maintain Jim Crow  segregation, and it continues to entrench inequality in America today.  We cannot allow the filibuster to prevent us from doing what is  necessary to lift up millions of working families in every corner of  the country.    I believe we will beat this pandemic and get through this crisis. We  will do it the same way we always have, the same way my parents did,  the same way that American families and millions of immigrants  throughout our history have done--by going to work and getting the job  done.   To my colleagues, I am so honored to serve with you and look forward  to working alongside you for years to come.   To my constituents, I am honored to represent you, and I will work  hard every day to make you proud.  [[Page S1521]]    And to Angela, Roman, Alex, and Diego, I love you. Thank you for your  love and your support of my public service.   I yield the floor.   