 Madam President, as we all know, in recent years, China  has emerged as one of the greatest competitors to the world order.  Unfortunately, they don't play by the same rules that the rest of the  international community plays by. The Chinese Communist Party is  increasingly aggressive and well-resourced and has made no secret of  its intent to gain more influence and power.   For everything from national security to economic policy, there is a  clear and urgent need to reorient the way our country views and  responds to the challenge from China. I am glad the Senate is taking up  an important step today through the U.S. Innovation and Competition  Act. The cornerstone of this legislation, of course, is funding to  bolster domestic semiconductor manufacturing so the United States can  compete with China and secure some of our most critical supply chains.   Nearly 90 percent of the semiconductors made in the world are made by  countries in Asia, with Taiwan dominating the market with about 63  percent of that total of 90 percent. In fact, one company, Taiwan  Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, accounted for more than half of  the total foundry revenues last year. As I said, companies in Taiwan  control 63 percent of the advanced semiconductor markets.   If for any reason that supply chain was cut off, it would lead to  very serious consequences across our entire economy. To address this,  Senator Warner, the senior Senator from Virginia, and I introduced the  CHIPS for America Act last year to shore up domestic semiconductor  manufacturing and reduce our alliance on other countries for one of our  most critical products. Semiconductors go into everything with an off  and on switch.   The United States is not the only country that spotted this blinking  red light, this danger signal. Other countries have recognized the  immense risks that exist, and they are also pouring billions of dollars  into new foundries. The European Union, for example, is investing up to  $35 billion, South Korea is investing $65 billion, and China is  investing a whopping $150 billion in semiconductor manufacturing. Our  competitors are pouring tens of billions of dollars into boosting their  own supplies of these essential semiconductors, and the United States  needs to keep up and compete.   The vast majority of our colleagues agree that this was an important  and critical task. It was carefully crafted in monthslong, bipartisan,  bicameral negotiations, and, in fact, this legislation was adopted as  an amendment to last year's Defense Authorization Act by a vote of 96  to 4. Now, though, it falls to us to fund what we authorized in the  Defense authorization bill, and there is just one issue standing in the  way.   During committee consideration of the Endless Frontier Act, an  amendment was adopted that would apply controversial and unnecessary  prevailing wage language to the CHIPS for America Act. The prevailing  wage provision creates an obstacle to our funding the CHIPS for America  Act, and it confers zero benefit on anybody because the manufacturing  of semiconductors is a very sophisticated, well-paying business.   Considering the current wages of U.S. semiconductor manufacturing  companies, there is zero impact on workers' wages by requiring  companies to pay an elevated, so-called prevailing wage. So it is  really a nonissue. However, these Davis-Bacon provisions also represent  an unprecedented expansion of a partisan labor policy, and applying  them to private construction projects, as I said, sets a troublesome  precedent.   Leaving this language in the bill has the potential to dramatically  weaken support for this essential broader legislation, and I hope we  can all agree that the stakes are simply too high to let that happen. I  have introduced an amendment to strike this unnecessary and divisive  provision and to maintain the strong bipartisan support that the  [[Page S3974]]  CHIPS for America Act has earned so far. This partisan provision has no  impact on workers' wages, and it should hardly be a reason to forfeit  the strong bipartisan support the CHIPS Program has previously  received.   It is important that we send a clear and distinct and unequivocal  message to our competitors and rivals in China. Republicans and  Democrats have worked together to bolster domestic semiconductor  manufacturing and to confront one of our biggest looming threats from  China. Now is not the time to sacrifice the progress we made.   I encourage our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this  amendment so we can maintain the strong bipartisan support for this  essential program   I yield the floor.    Madam President.    Madam President, during the committee markup on this bill  in the Commerce Committee, there was an amendment offered that was  accepted that added Davis-Bacon prevailing wage protection to the  underlying bill, which is now in the bill before us.   This is purely a gratuitous addition to this bill because the fact  is, in constructing these major semiconductor fabs, they pay far  greater than the prevailing wage. But perhaps the most dangerous part  of this is the fact that this now is being applied to private  construction.   Davis-Bacon historically and statutorily has been applied only to  public workers. But this is an unnecessary expansion and, frankly,  jeopardizes some of the support we are getting for the underlying bill,  which we cannot afford to lose any of that support in our competition  against China, particularly when it comes to manufacturing  semiconductors here onshore and shoring up the vulnerable supply chain.   I would ask colleagues to vote for the amendment.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   