 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the  objection.    Madam Speaker, we have a solemn  responsibility today. We must vote to sustain objections to slates of  electors submitted by States that we genuinely believe clearly violated  the Constitution in the Presidential election of 2020.   This is the threshold legal question before us, and it is an issue  before us for the State of Arizona. We have to repeat this for emphasis  because a lot of people seem to be confused.   Because judges and not the State legislature changed the rules of the  election, Arizona clearly violated the plain language of Article II,  Section 1 of the Constitution in its selection of Presidential  electors.   The Framers of our Constitution recognized that elections were  susceptible to corruption. We all know that. So, how did they fix it?  How did they provide for that? They created the electoral college as a  safeguard, and they expressly empowered State legislatures to ensure  the integrity of our unique election system.   Only the State legislatures, because they are a full body of  representatives and not rogue officials, were given the authority to  direct the manner of appointing Presidential electors because it was so  important.  [[Page H84]]    The Supreme Court has acknowledged this over and over. They  previously affirmed in Article II, Section 1, Clause 2: ``The  appointment of these electors is thus placed absolutely and wholly with  the legislatures of the several States.'' That authority can never be  taken away or abdicated.   The Arizona Legislature did enact detailed rules and procedures that  the State was supposed to follow to choose its electors. But in the  months preceding the 2020 election, as we have heard--and by the way,  a thousand pages of evidence have just been submitted on the facts on  this--those well-established rules and procedures were deliberately  changed.    They weren't changed by the legislature, friends. They were changed  by judges. And those actions taken by the judiciary were not limited to  mere interpretations of existing law. No, they were substantive,  wholesale changes to those statutes.   Madam Speaker, that is a usurpation of the authority that the  legislature had. That usurpation was repeated across the country this  year. It is the primary reason--it is one of the reasons why the  election of 2020 became riddled with an unprecedented number of serious  allegations of fraud and irregularities all over the country.   National polls, it has been said, indicate that a huge percentage of  Americans now have serious doubts about not just the outcome of this  Presidential contest but also the future reliability of our election  system itself.   Since we are convinced that the election laws in Arizona and some  other key States were changed in this unconstitutional manner, we have  a responsibility today. The slates of electors produced under those  modified laws are thus unconstitutional. They are not ``regularly  given'' or ``lawfully certified,'' as required by the Electoral Count  Act, and they are invalid on their face. That is just the conclusion  that you have to reach.   Madam Speaker, given these inescapable facts, we believe we have no  choice today but to vote to sustain objections to those slates of  electors.   Mr. Raskin and others today have cited the 12th Amendment, and they  cite Article II, Section 1, Clause 3--remember that, Clause 3. And they  have asserted that Congress has only one narrow role today; we are just  supposed to count the electoral votes that have been submitted. But  those advocates have overlooked a critical first principle.   Their assertion is only true so long as Congress first is convinced  that the electoral votes were not produced by a process that violated  the Constitution is there. We have to get through Clause 2 of Article  II, Section 1, before we get to Clause 3 is the point.   Look, in our unique system, Congress is positioned as the last  bulwark in a Presidential election to ensure the Constitution has been  followed. Indeed, just two decades ago, the Supreme Court spoke to  this. They plainly acknowledged this important deliberative role of  Congress. It was the famous Bush v. Gore litigation that everybody  remembers from 2000.   In a per curiam opinion--meaning all nine Justices, that it was  unanimous--they noted strict adherence to the provisions of the  Electoral Count Act may create ``a `safe harbor' for a State insofar as  congressional consideration of its electoral votes is concerned.''   However, unanimously, the Court said since title 3, section 5  contains a principle of Federal law that would assure finality of the  State's determination if they followed all the proscriptions there, if  the will of the legislature is attempted to be changed by a State  court, that is a problem. That, they said, Congress might deem to be a  change in the law.   That is precisely why we are here right now. Go read Bush v. Gore,  and you will see this.   Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Scalia and Thomas joined  in a concurring opinion 8 days later, and they reiterated this point.   A significant departure from the legislature's scheme for appointing  Presidential electors presents a Federal question. It is a big problem  for us, and it is one we cannot get around. That is why we are here.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues today to look at the facts, to  follow the law, and to follow our congressional oath. We are supposed  to support and defend the Constitution. That is what we do here today.  I urge everyone to do the right thing.   