 Madam Speaker, I thank the Republican Study Committee for  hosting this Special Order hour.   Today, our Nation's debt is more than $28 trillion. With a number  that large, it is hard to really understand how much taxpayer money we  are really talking about. Well, $28 trillion is $1 million 28 million  times. Or another way to think about it is it is 28 with 12 zeros  behind it.   Spending far beyond our means and watching the debt clock grow  astronomically higher has real implications for the future of our  country and for our citizens. While many out there would like to  believe that we can go on spending without some sort of restraint and  it doesn't have any consequences, common sense tells us that is not  true.   Because of overspending, the debt held by Americans has already  eclipsed the size of our economy and will top 200 percent of the GDP by  2051. Every American, adult and child, bears a burden of more than  $85,000.   The problem is so stark that our country spends about $800 million  per day on interest payments alone. The net interest costs for  taxpayers financing this debt will skyrocket from 1.4 percent of GDP,  about $300 billion this year, to 8.6 percent of GDP. That would be more  than 2\1/2\ times higher than what the U.S. currently spends on defense  as a percent of our GDP.   Another way to look at this problem is through the lens of any family  budget and take away some zeros.   Let's say in 2020 an individual made $34,000. That same person spent  $65,000, meaning they spent $31,000 they didn't have. And they also had  a credit card with $280,000 already on it and growing. This would  clearly be absurd and unsustainable, yet somehow that is how the  Federal Government operates.   Madam Speaker, American families understand that we should tackle the  spending problem first and live within our means. This has to be the  focus of our body. It is our duty and our responsibility to those we  represent.   We have got to tackle the out-of-control spending before it brings  down this great Nation. We need to stop mortgaging our grandkids'  future just to sustain and spend our lifestyle today.   Madam Speaker, we need to do the hard work now to address our  spending, balance the budget, and fiscally secure our Nation for future  generations. Our constituents deserve it.   