 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the designees for this Special Order hour,  Congresswoman Sewell and, of course, our chair Joyce Beatty and all of  the members of the Congressional Black Caucus.   Today I rise to honor my friend, my mentor, my colleague, the late  Congressman John Lewis and all of those who marched for justice across  the Edmund Pettus Bridge 56 years ago.   As they marched, each of those heroes carried an unshakeable belief  that America would answer their call for racial equality. But at the  end of that bridge they were met with a violent mob that was determined  to preserve the status quo of brutality against Black Americans. Bloody  Sunday shocked the world, and it shamed our government into action.   Just days after Bloody Sunday, President Johnson sent a voting rights  bill to Congress. By August of 1965, the Voting Rights Act had passed  the House and Senate with bipartisan majorities.   For decades, the Voting Rights Act protected the right to vote and  was reauthorized. But 8 years ago, a conservative majority on the  Supreme Court turned their back on decades of progress and struck down  critical sections of the law.   After the Supreme Court's decision, State governments began to  immediately purge voter rolls and institute burdensome requirements on  voting to block communities of color from the ballot box.   In the last election, many States refused to expand vote-by-mail  options that would have kept voters safe. Instead of using billy clubs  and dogs, they used the pandemic's deadly toll on communities of color  to try and suppress the vote.   In the face of this cruelty, we fought back with record setting voter  turnout. But voter suppression continues to be a stain on our  democracy.   So we must restore every inch of the Voting Rights Act, and we must  do it now.   Two years ago, House Democrats introduced and passed H.R. 4, the  Voting Rights Advancement Act. This bill, which is now named for  Congressman John Lewis, would restore the protections that were  eliminated in Shelby v. Holder and end voter suppression.   Last Congress, this bill passed with just one Republican vote. This  session, I am calling on all of my colleagues to follow the example  that our predecessors set back in 1965 and to come together for the  American people. Because the right to vote is fundamental.   I wanted to share in closing this picture that I treasure in my  office. As a freshman Member, I had the honor to stand with Congressman  John Lewis and Steny Hoyer, the minority leader at the time, when we  introduced the Voting Rights Act.   And the picture captured me in the middle as we were talking about  the Voting Rights Act, and its importance, and it is something that I  look at for inspiration. And so to Congressman John Lewis I say to you  my friend, We will carry on your baton. We will carry on your legacy.  And we will carry on the fundamental right to protect the vote for all  Americans. That is our message. That is our power.   