 Madam Speaker, as I walked through rows and rows of  children who had just made a long and dangerous journey to Texas'  southern border sitting on cots in a crowded room three times the size  of the room that we are in right now, it has never been more clear to  me than right there that illegal immigration benefits no one.   I have witnessed the heartbreaking conditions inside these emergency  intake sites. In the words of one facility commander, the volunteers  and staff that were working there tirelessly, they were operating under  a crisis level of care. A crisis level of care. There is no doubt that  we are facing a humanitarian crisis, a health crisis, and a national  security crisis, all of great proportions.   We didn't get here overnight. The Biden-Harris administration made a  reckless decision, choosing to overturn policies implemented by  President Trump. But those policies were working, and the Biden-Harris  administration had no replacement policy, no strategy, no plan to  replace it.   During my visit to this facility in north Texas, I listened to the  stories of cartels and coyotes advertising that they could get your  children across the U.S. border on television. That is right. The  cartels are advertising on television that they can get children  smuggled across our southern border.   By stopping construction and the strategic importance of the border  wall and rescinding the remain in Mexico policy, President Biden and  Vice President Harris are sending a clear message: If you come to the  United States, we will let you in.   Currently, as cartels are exploiting this administration's  irresponsible open border policies, the cartels are raking in roughly  $14 million a day. That is right, you heard me correctly. $14 million a  day going straight into the hands of criminals because of the reckless  policy decisions of the Biden administration.   If that statistic isn't enough on its own, DHS is projecting 117,000  children without their parents will arrive at the border this year  alone. That is a 45 percent increase over the highest we have ever had.   Madam Speaker, this is a crisis, and this administration and  Democrats in  [[Page H2044]]  Congress need to call it just that and fix it.   