 Mr. President, I am proud to join my friend and my  colleague Senator Klobuchar as we introduce and support this amendment.   You know, every day when I come to work at the Capitol, the first  person I see is almost always a U.S. Capitol Police officer, and no  matter how late I leave at night, the last person I see is almost  always a U.S. Capitol Police officer.   I was working in this building on 9/11, and one of the last people to  leave that morning as the Capitol Police encouraging us to get out of  the building, but the last person I saw as I left the building who was  still in the building was a Capitol Police officer.   The Capitol Police have a hard job to do. They not only defend us,  but they defend democracy in a way that other police officers are not  asked to do, and they always do it at the highest level of  professionalism and dedication. That was never more evident than it was  on January 6. It was a difficult and sad day for Americans but  especially for law enforcement officers who serve and protect the  Capitol and for their families.   I have often said that, very possibly, the hardest job to do in  America today is to be the family member of someone who works in law  enforcement. Maybe the second hardest job is to be the person working  in law enforcement. But those families on that day were watching  television, listening to the news, seeing their very worst fears play  out for all the world to see on a day that was horrific for them,  horrific for the person they love, and horrific for those who love this  building and what it stands for.   I am incredibly grateful for the heroic actions we saw that day from  the Capitol Police, from the Metropolitan Police, who, along with Chief  Conte, who was the Acting Chief at the time, were here within 10 or 12  minutes of being called and here in force in that period of time.   Others came from around the region, and all those law enforcement  people who were here to help that day, we are deeply appreciative of.   The legislation we have here really calls on us to recognize the  selflessness, the dedication, the willingness to stand in the way of  danger as others are able to try to get away from danger. It honors the  sacrifices they make and their families make every day.   I hope, by passing this Congressional Gold Medal bill by unanimous  consent, we send a clear message to law enforcement officers that we  are united in our appreciation of all they do to keep us safe.   I urge my colleagues to join not only in supporting the unanimous  passage of this bill but also to be quick in talking about our deep  appreciation for those who serve in such a special way as we try to do  our work here every day.   I yield back.   