 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arkansas for  yielding me the time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment, specifically, a  provision in here taking a trail in Wisconsin and turning it into  National Park Service unit status.   This proposal before us has not been introduced as a standalone bill  this Congress and has not been heard by the Natural Resources  Committee. We have not discussed the impacts of elevating this trail to  National Park Service unit status, and there have been no hearings to  afford local officials or adjacent landowners the opportunity to  express their views.   Too often in this body, we see Members who represent urban  constituencies rushing to expand Federal control over rural communities  far from their own homes. And too often, these decisions marginalize  the voices of people in the affected communities who must live with the  consequences: Federal land management agencies in Washington, D.C.,  imposing new limitations on access, use, and impacts to private  property owners.   Mr. Speaker, we have also spent much time in this body discussing the  Park Service maintenance backlog, which is significant. We should be  mindful of that backlog and the fact that land managers lack sufficient  resources to care for the units already under their supervision.   I am also concerned that the passage of measures like this one will  further fuel the Federal Government's insatiable appetite to annex yet  more private property. And more Federal land ownership means further  erosion of the property tax base, higher local property tax burdens,  and strained local budgets.   Let me give you this analogy. A homeowner, their roof is falling in.  The lot next to them comes up for sale and they say, gosh, I have got  to buy that lot, and they don't take care of their own home. That is,  in effect, what we are doing with our national parks here in the United  States of America.   To be clear, I believe that Wisconsin is home to some of this  country's most special places, including this scenic and picturesque  trail. On this fact, my Wisconsin colleagues and I agree.   But I believe this amendment is the wrong approach, Mr. Speaker, and  I would encourage a ``no'' vote on the amendment and the bill.   