 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chair of our Budget  Committee, the gentleman from Kentucky. He really makes the point so  well.   Look, regardless of what our ranking member says on the other side,  America is not in great shape, the economy is not good, many people  have lost their jobs, and the reason for the American Rescue Plan was  exactly that. We want to help people. We want to make sure people get  direct cash payments to help them. We want to make sure the State and  local governments get help, because they don't want to be laying people  off and not provide services during the pandemic. We want to help small  businesses.   The contrast between what we, as Democrats, push in the American  Rescue Plan to help people in this economic and health crisis is so  vast compared to what the Republicans did with their tax cut, which  just helped the wealthiest and helped corporate interest. It is that  simple.   So I am just going to ask my colleagues on the other side to put  partisanship aside and vote for this bill. This legislation includes  non-controversial policies that will truly help all of our  constituents. It provides critical support for hospitals and rural  health clinics and prevents cuts to Medicare and other important  programs.   In recent weeks, Republicans have claimed that any cuts to Medicare  would be incredibly harmful. But the only way to make sure that these  cuts don't happen is passing this legislation today. In the past, we  have always been able to come together to prevent these cuts.  [[Page H1592]]    When Republicans passed their $2 trillion tax law for the wealthiest  few, it triggered billions in mandatory cuts, and Congress ultimately  voted to prevent those cuts with Democratic support. If Republicans  truly want to protect Medicare and other programs that support our  farmers, our students, and the Nation's defense, they simply should  vote for this bill today.   Mr. Speaker, I want to remind my colleagues that in addition to  averting statutory paygo cuts, this bill provides additional relief  specifically to frontline healthcare providers through increased  Medicare payments. This is a policy that Congress supported multiple  times. Please support this bill if you care.   