 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the much- needed student dormitory project at Goodfellow Air Force Base in San  Angelo, Texas.   The district I represent is at a crucial crossroads of national  security, energy security, and agriculture security that makes our  Nation stronger. At the heart of this district sits Goodfellow, home to  the training of over 12,000 airmen, soldiers, sailors, marines, and  guardians every single year who do intelligence work and also in the  training of fire.   Goodfellow plays a really critical role in continuing to provide  world-class intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance, as well as  that fire rescue that I just mentioned.   The national security demands of our Nation are quickly outpacing the  capacity of Goodfellow to house the ever-growing stream of new  students. The base is currently experiencing a drastic shortage of  housing. In fact, to meet this shortage, the base has entered into an  agreement with Angelo State University for the use of their dorms to  ease the capacity concerns.   While ASU is a proud and willing partner with Goodfellow, this is not  a permanent solution. We cannot expect our communities to shoulder  these burdens forever.   This project is vital to the national security mission that  Goodfellow provides to the country and to that of the Concho Valley  community. It is imperative that Air Force Education and Training  Command maintain this project as a top priority.   I am also offering an amendment tonight, and I rise in support of  that, to strike the funding for the expensive and unreliable electric  vehicle purchases by the United States Postal Service.    Let me be clear. We cannot maintain a functioning and prosperous  country without affordable, reliable energy. Yet, my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle are completely bent on pursuing a feel-good  green energy policy to pat themselves on the backs in the name of  saving the environment.   But the truth is, they are not improving the environment. They are  actually destroying the prosperity and security of our country by doing  so.   During several days of brutal cold in Texas, the city of Austin saw  its fleet of 12 new electric buses rendered completely inoperative  during the power outages. By allowing the USPS to go to an all-electric  fleet, we are basically saying that when the weather is too hot, too  cold, not windy enough, with not enough sun, Americans will not have  their mail service.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this amendment  and others.   