 Mr. President, I want to address the budget resolution we  are going to vote on later today. To be clear, this is a device that  makes it possible, subsequently, to pass this massive blowout spending  bill that President Biden has proposed and to do it on a strictly  party-line vote. That is what this is all about.   It is disappointing at many, many levels, not the least of which is  that, just 15 days ago, President Biden made an impassioned call for  unity. He said: ``This is our historic moment of crisis and challenge,  and unity is the path forward.''   Well, there is nothing about unity in this exercise. This is designed  to be a partisan exercise. It is designed not to find common ground. It  appears not to be informed by any objective measure of needs. The only  organizing principle in this bill that I can figure out is the desire  to spend a massive amount of money on things that aren't required.   Oh, and it is worse than that. It willfully ignores the adverse  impact some of these policies are going to have.   Part of what is so maddening about this is we have demonstrated--up  until now, anyway--that we can pass major bipartisan legislation. We  have done it five times already--but no more. President Biden and the  Democrats, who control the Senate and the House, don't want to pursue  bipartisan legislation anymore. I guess those days are behind us for  now, according to them.   But I would remind my colleagues of what a dramatic departure that is  from what we have been doing about this COVID crisis. Back in March and  April, when States shut down their economies and we went into a full- blown economic crisis, we responded with massive, bold legislation, the  biggest of which, the March bill, had a huge category that was designed  and, in fact, did replace lost income for people who, through no fault  of their own, were out of work. It had a huge category to deal with  healthcare expenses for hospitals, for vaccine development, for PPE-- all kinds of healthcare-related needs.   And we had a set of provisions that were designed to provide  liquidity, provide loans and funding for businesses so that they could  survive and people would have a place to go back to work after this was  behind us. We did that. Actually, we did five bills altogether, every  one of them overwhelmingly bipartisan.   In the Senate, each of the five got over 90 votes. The biggest of  them didn't have a single ``no'' vote. My point is, we have  demonstrated we can pass big, bold, unprecedented legislation if people  on both sides of the aisle want to work together. We did it five times  last year.   But our Democratic colleagues don't want to pursue that anymore  because they have a different objective in mind. By the way, the last  of the five was the second largest of all time, a COVID relief package  of almost a trillion dollars, and it was signed into law 39 days ago.  Literally, hundreds of billions of dollars of that money is still  unspent, yet we are told immediately we need to get another $1.9  trillion.   This is unbelievable. Part of the reason it is so unbelievable is  that the economy is not in the same place today that it was in back in  March or April--not even close. We were in a situation we had never  been in before. We had shut down our economy. It was absolutely  devastating--very, very scary.   Fortunately, in part because of our response, I think, we were able  to avoid a depression, an extended disastrous period, and we have begun  a robust recovery.   Consider some of the data. In April of last year, the unemployment  rate hit almost 15 percent. Today it is at 6.7. Most economists didn't  think we would get below 7 percent until the end of this year, 2021. We  got below 7 percent back in October. We have 18 States in the Union  that have employment rates below 5 percent.    After a devastating downdraft of our economy in the second quarter,  the third quarter came roaring back. The third quarter of the economy  grew by 33 percent. That was a long way towards recovering what we had  lost in the second quarter--not complete--and the growth has continued.  The fourth quarter grew by 4 percent. The CBO's economic outlook for  this entire year is nearly 5 percent.   We have a strong recovery that is underway. Look, we are not there  yet. We are not back to the tremendously booming economy we had just  before the pandemic hit, but we do know that the vast majority of the  economic pain that people are going through is concentrated in a  handful of very hard-hit industries. It is hospitality, travel,  entertainment. We know that. What we should be asking ourselves is,  have we done what we need to do for these particular sectors and the  people who are in these sectors who are hurting? But $1.9 trillion for  the entire economy?   I mean, think about this statistic: Total employee compensation in  the second and third quarters of last year was down. That is not  surprising, right? Total employee compensation was down because so many  people were out of work. It was down by about $215 billion. Government  transfer payments to individuals was up by almost $900 billion. That is  more than four times the lost income. And now we are told we need  another whole round of these universal so-called stimulus checks-- checks that go out to everyone regardless of whether you actually had  any lost income.   Well, it happens that personal income is actually higher today than  it was before the pandemic hit. Disposable, real per capita income rose  last year at the fastest rate since 1984. The personal savings rate is  at an alltime high for most of 2020--the highest since 1974 now--and  that is all before the bill we passed 39 days ago that sends still more  money to people. So I don't see the data that suggests we need yet  another round of these universal stimulus checks, but in President  Biden's bill that we are in the process of facilitating today, that is  almost half a trillion dollars we are going to spend this way.   This money is not lying on the shelf, by the way; we are either going  to print it, or we are going to borrow it from overseas. President  Biden has pretty much admitted this is about fulfilling a campaign  promise.   The fact is, the vast majority of the 160 million Americans who have  received checks already never had any lost income. They never lost  their jobs. They never lost their checks. What Federal employee, for  instance--of the many categories I could cite, what Federal employee  lost their paycheck because of the COVID crisis? I don't know of them.  My staff continued to get paid throughout this entire period, but they  all got checks.   Think about this: If President Biden's plan passes as our Democratic  colleagues want to pass it and the eligibility criteria for these  checks follows the methodology from the previous two rounds of checks,  a family of four with a household income of $150,000 will receive  $5,600. That is on top of the $5,800 they got from the previous rounds.  It is a total of $11,400 that we are going to mail out to a family who  had a six-figure income and no income loss. How does this make any  sense?   Consider the expanded unemployment benefits. I was all in favor of  it. I remain in favor of expanding eligibility for unemployment  benefits because we have a lot of folks who work in the gig economy.  They are self-employed, and they have not been able to historically  participate in the unemployment insurance program. I am in favor of  having made those folks eligible, but we have already done that. They  are totally eligible.   On top of eligibility, back in March when we passed the CARES Act, we  added $600 a week to unemployment checks. It turns out that 70  percent--according to the University of Chicago, their analysis, about  70 percent of everybody who was unemployed ended up getting paid more  money not to work than they did to get to work. In what universe does  that make sense?   We have had unemployment insurance for decades. Never anywhere, at  any time, under any circumstances have we designed the program so that  we would pay you more not to work than what you make working. The  reason we have never done that is because it doesn't make any sense.   President Biden's plan is not for $600, but it is $400 of extra  payments above and beyond what unemployment insurance pays. If that  happens, then over half of all the beneficiaries will be paid more not  to work than they would get paid if they actually worked. That will  [[Page S426]]  only slow the economic recovery, as well as not make any sense--not to  mention the invitation for fraud.   By the way, it is estimated that there have been $10 billion in  fraudulent unemployment insurance payments in California alone.   Speaking of California, State and local governments--now, this is  rich--in this $1.9 trillion spending bonanza, there is $350 billion to  go to State and local governments. We know many of our Democratic  colleagues have wanted to bail out these fiscally irresponsible and  insolvent States and municipalities for a long time, but here is what  is unbelievable. We are told there is a fiscal crisis here. Just look  at the numbers. The total of State and local tax collections in 2020  was up by $21 billion over 2019.   Let me clear about this. In 2019--the amount of revenue collected by  State and local governments hit an alltime record high in 2019. In  2020, they broke the record--alltime record amount of revenue  collected.   This, by the way, does not include the $572 billion that the Federal  Government sent to these State and local governments through the five  bills that we have already passed, so they have alltime record revenue  on their own. We sent them $572 billion more, and now we are told we  have to send them yet another $350 billion.   Look, let's not kid ourselves. This is just a complete bailout of  insolvent and irresponsible States. That is what this is. This hasn't  got anything to do with a pandemic.   Minimum wage--that is in this bill as well, the President's proposal.  It is another terrible idea. A $15-an-hour minimum wage--what this is  guaranteed to do is destroy the jobs of lower income people. Guess  what. A disproportionate number of them work in the hardest hit  industries, like hotels and restaurants.   This isn't just my speculation; the Congressional Budget Office  projects that if we have a $15 mandatory minimum wage nationally, which  is what the President's proposal would do, we would lose at least 1.3  million jobs and maybe as high as 3.7 million jobs. Of course, this  wil disproportionately affect young people just entering the workforce.  That is the biggest category of people who are paid at the low end of  the pay scale. So we will just take away the ladder that these folks  need to step on to in order to build the ability to provide for  themselves and their families.    We have a moratorium on evictions from the CDC that gets extended.  This is unbelievable. First of all, it is absurd to think that the CDC  has the authority to impose this universally and throughout America.  They just don't. It is also a terrible precedent to say that despite  the fact that our unemployment rate is below 7 percent and we have more  than replaced lost income, people don't have to pay the rent.   Let's be honest about the consequences. There is only one consequence  that is going to happen as a result of this, and that is, we are going  to have less affordable housing and higher rents because the landlord  is going to have to think long and hard about how long he is going to  go without being able to collect rents in the future, and so he is  either going to get out of the business, in which case there is less  affordable housing being built, or he is going to raise the rents to  cover that period when the government pursues this senseless policy.   Health provisions are an area that is in a category unto itself here.  Specifically, I think every single person in this body would agree that  it is absolutely essential that we get as many vaccines into as many  arms as quickly as we possibly can. That is certainly my view. For the  sake of eliminating human suffering, to prevent unnecessary deaths, and  at a much lower level of importance, but also to help restore the  vibrancy of our economy, that is what we have to do. We have to put as  many vaccines into as many arms as quickly as we can.   Today, there are around 260 million Americans who are eligible to  receive COVID-19 vaccines. We have an average of about 1.34 million  doses actually being administered every day. It is the highest daily  rate of doses being administered anywhere in the world. I am trying to  understand what more government spending now is going to do about that.  In the Federal Government, we already purchased 600 million doses,  which is enough to vaccinate 300 million Americans. We have multiple  vaccine candidates. Some already have been approved, and some are about  to be approved. We have already paid for them, and we have also paid  for all the other related costs of administering the vaccine. We paid  for the R&D in the first place. We bought the production--as they say,  600 million doses. The Federal Government pays for the transportation  to deliver the vaccine to the site at which it is going to be  administered. The Federal Government has paid for all the accompanying  supplies--the syringes, the vials, the stoppers, the dry ice to keep it  cold, all of that. Insurance--Medicare covers the cost of putting the  vaccine into somebody's arm. We have even allocated money to fund the  planning of the execution of this plan.   It is pretty clear to me that, in talking to Pennsylvania healthcare  folks who are on the frontlines delivering this and actually  vaccinating people, that the limiting factor now is production of the  vaccine, and we are going all-out. I mean, you could take General  Motors and get them to produce ventilators. General Motors can  manufacture ventilators pretty quickly. They can do that. You can't get  General Motors to produce vaccines--not in anything like the timeframe  we would like.   So I am all ears. If someone can show me how we can spend money that  will actually result in getting more people vaccinated more quickly,  then I am for it. I just haven't heard that explanation yet, and I  haven't seen how it gets allocated in this bill to accomplish that.   President Biden had a commendable call to unity in his early  addresses to the Nation, but this exercise we are going through today  is suggesting that that kind of rings hollow. Just a few weeks into  office and the President and our Democratic colleagues seem to be  abandoning what had consistently been overwhelmingly bipartisan,  successful, major responses to this COVID crisis. Now it seems they are  on a one-party partisan track to pass a bunch of their liberal wish  list items, much of which has nothing to do with the circumstances we  face.   The fact is, what we ought to be working on is maximizing the speed  of vaccinations and ensuring that we return our economy and allow  people to get back to work so that we can have the prosperity that we  had before this pandemic struck. What we shouldn't be doing is using  the pandemic as the excuse to pass a longstanding partisan policy wish  list.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 553 and ask  that it be reported by number.    Mr. President, this amendment would allow withholding of  community development block grants and Economic Development Act funding  from States and municipalities that prohibit local police from  cooperating with Federal officials to enforce Federal law.   It is important to note it would not affect any security-related  funds.   It is important because sanctuary cities, like San Francisco and  Philadelphia, in my State, have radical policies that actually forbid  the local police from cooperating with Federal immigration officials,  even when the local police would like to cooperate.   These policies are dangerous. They cost us time and money. But most  importantly, by far, is the tragic cost to human beings, people like  Kate Steinle, killed by an illegal immigrant who opened fire on a San  Francisco pier.   This shooter had been convicted of seven felonies, been deported five  times. Why was he on the pier that night? Because San Francisco chose  to release him rather than cooperate with Federal authorities that  wanted to take him off the streets.   