 Mr. President, women make invaluable contributions to our  families, communities, and workplaces. Thankfully, the opportunities  for women in the workplace have grown tremendously over time and in  recent decades, and there is no doubt that, without exception or  qualification, they should always be treated equally and receive equal  pay for the same work as their male counterparts.   This week, the Senate considered proceeding to a bill called the  Paycheck Fairness Act--one that was directed at achieving this goal by  addressing the gender pay gap. But if we truly care about supporting  and empowering women in the workplace, it is important that we  understand exactly what the pay gap is and what exactly it can tell us  about women's experiences.   So what is the pay gap? Well, first, there is a crucial distinction  that we have to make between the unadjusted pay gap and the adjusted  pay gap.   When most people refer to the gender pay gap, they mean the  unadjusted pay gap, or the comparison between the median man's pay and  the median woman's pay, based only on sex. According to this measure,  the median earnings of women are 18 percent lower than men. But the  unadjusted pay gap leaves out key pieces of the puzzle. In reality,  there are many other factors that influence pay for individual men and  women, such as industry, occupation, experience, education,  performance, and in particular, family decisions.   The adjusted pay gap does take these factors into account and turns  out to be a much smaller number--a very different number--than the  unadjusted pay gap. When controlling for these factors, and thus  comparing men and women with the same jobs and qualifications, the pay  gap falls to just 2 percent, which can arguably be explained by  nondiscriminatory factors like performance that other studies have not  yet addressed.   The pay gap before and after parenthood tells us something else that  is key too. This measure suggests that women are paid less not simply  because they are women but because of the family decisions they make  typically after having children. Women are far more likely to take on  more of the caretaker responsibilities within their families and thus  make work-related tradeoffs that allow them to do so.   One study in Denmark found that average women's earnings are  comparable to men's earnings before parenthood but drop after the birth  of their first child, when hours worked and participation rates tend to  fall for women.   Another study by the Harvard Business Review found that women are  more likely to make decisions to limit work-related travel, choose a  more flexible job, slow down career pace, make a lateral move, or leave  a job in order to accommodate family responsibilities.   Ultimately, the pay gap seems to show in large part the particular  choices and preferences of women in their career and family paths.   So in light of this information, what would the Paycheck Fairness Act  do? This bill would allow employees to sue businesses that pay workers  different wages even if the differences have nothing to do with the sex  of the employee at issue. As a result, businesses would be forced to  ignore the rest of the factors that influence pay, including merit,  which is and should be the main determinant of earnings. It would  instead enforce rigid, collective pay scales that would reduce  flexibility in benefits or hours--the very thing that employees want in  the workplace.   If this legislation were to become law, instead of receiving higher  pay, women would likely find it harder to  [[Page S4031]]  get their foot in the door. Employers could be more reticent to hire  women in some circumstances, especially those reentering the workforce,  since they automatically would be included in future gender- or race- based class action lawsuits, and it would raise costs for businesses  and hurt wages across the board.   In short, it is a federally mandated, one-size-fits-all approach to  pay that would only take away choice, opportunity, and flexibility for  women--the very things that Congress ought to ensure are allowed.  Indeed, surveys show that workplace flexibility is incredibly valuable  to women. One survey estimates that 60 percent of female jobseekers say  that greater work-life balance and personal well-being are very  important to them when considering a job, and 46 percent of female  employees say flextime is the most important benefit a company can  offer employees. Further research shows that productivity can be  improved by as much as 50 percent when flexible options are available  to workers.   If we are to empower women and make it easier for them to increase  their earnings, we should not be getting in the way of flexible options  that can help.   Thankfully, the rejection of the Paycheck Fairness Act this week  proved that it is not the right approach. There is, indeed, a better  path forward. The bill I am proposing, the Working Families Flexibility  Act, would help provide it.   For decades, Federal labor laws have unfairly restricted private  sector employees from choosing either traditional overtime pay or paid  time off as compensation for overtime hours worked, while granting a  special exemption for government employees. This legal disparity  between private sector employees and public sector employees unfairly  discriminates against working men and women in the private sector, and  it is long overdue that it be addressed. There is no reason that these  working moms and dads in the private sector should be prevented from  receiving the flexibility that employees in the government are able to  receive.   My bill would simply amend the Fair Labor Standards Act to allow  private sector employers to give their employees the option to choose  either traditional overtime pay or paid time off, both accrued at 1.5  times the overtime hours worked. It is a totally voluntary proposal for  both employers and employees. Employers are not forced to offer it, and  employees are not forced to take it.   In addition to offering safeguards to ensure that the choice to use  comp time is voluntary, it retains all existing labor law protections  for employees, including the 40-hour workweek and overtime accrual  protections.   If we truly seek to empower women in the workplace, we ought to give  them the freedom and flexibility to pursue their careers and the  families they desire. The Working Families Flexibility Act would do  just that, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   This is something that we ought to adopt right now. This is something  that Federal law already allows for, for government employees, and we  ought to end the discrimination against private sector employees.   For that reason, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from  further consideration of S. 247 and that the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table    Mr. President.    Mr. President, it is unfortunate that the Senate won't  choose to make available to private sector workers options that are  already available to government employees.   Just to reiterate here, under this legislation, employers are not  required to offer it; employees are not required to take it. This just  eliminates the vestigial remains of labor laws passed decades ago that  denied workers and employers this option. They keep that open for  government workers. That is discriminatory. It is unfair, and it ought  to end.   