 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Michigan for holding this Special Order tonight and for his service to  our Nation as a general in the United States Marine Corps.   As Veterans Day approaches this year, we should all take time to  recognize and honor the men and women in uniform who served our Nation  in Iraq and in Afghanistan. Two of our colleagues, Representative Brian  Mast from Florida and Representative   Dan Crenshaw from Texas served  in Afghanistan and now serve their country in the United States Capitol  as our colleagues.   Please know that your commitment and your sacrifices were not in  vain. Over the past two decades, our Nation has been more safe and more  secure because of your vigilance and because of your service. In  November, we also recognize National Veterans and Military Families  Month. During this month and every month, we must be committed to  providing the services that  [[Page H6118]]  all of our veterans need. Please know that if you or a loved one is  struggling, there is help and there are resources that are available  through the Veterans Administration.   Congress must always remain committed to supporting our veterans, and  I am proud to be supporting legislation to ensure that the Department  of Veterans Affairs returns to full staffing levels to handle the  backlog of requests that have been created by the COVID-19 pandemic.   This Veterans Day I ask all of us to renew our commitment to the men  and women who have served our Nation. I ask that we ensure that they  have the care and the resources that they need. I want to take special  note to thank my wife, Alice, who served in the United States Navy for  more than 12 years; and her sister Julia Shocker who served in the  United States Army.   I want to thank the general from Michigan for holding this Special  Order that allows us to recognize the importance of our freedom, our  freedom that was given to us by the veterans who served our country.  General, semper fi.   