 Madam President, I call up my amendment 1364 and ask that  it be reported by number.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent for 4 minutes of  debate equally divided.    Madam President, I actually believe that we make better  legislation if we have two parties work together on something.   In this case, we have crafted a piece of legislation that our party  hasn't had any involvement in whatsoever. We tried. We went to the  White House, and the President was very gracious in welcoming us and  listening to us but did not accept any of our proposals. So we have  before us today a piece of legislation that has the benefit of only one  party.   There are some errors in that and some things I think we really have  to look at and try to fix. One of them is with regard to States and  localities.   At the time the President put his bill out there, there was an  assumption that States have massive losses associated with the COVID  experience. But the data that has come out since then has shown that,  in fact, the States did not have those kinds of losses. Many States did  not. Twenty-one States are seeing a rise in revenue. States like  Florida don't need more money. Oklahoma doesn't need more money. My  State of Utah doesn't need more money. California has record surpluses,  billions of dollars in surplus. Yet, under this legislation, California  itself at the State level gets $26 billion more and in total with its  localities gets $41 billion. This is on top of their already surplus  year.   Think about that. We are going to be asking the American people to  allow us to borrow money from China and others, pass that on to our  kids and grandkids so that we can send money to States like California  and mine and others that don't need the money.   This doesn't make any sense at all. So my amendment does a very  simple thing. It says: Look, you can spend all the money that the  President's plan suggests and the way they suggest it, but each State's  amount is limited by the amount of their revenue loss--meaning the gap  they had from 2019 to 2020 and then 2021--as well as any COVID  expenses, as well as any Medicaid expenses that grew. So just limit it  by how much they need it. That is all it does.   So I ask that people on both sides of the aisle just get behind this  so that we can save probably at least $100 billion, to keep money from  going to States and localities that don't actually need it.   Thank you.    Madam President, may I respond?    First of all, those States that I described didn't lay  people off. They didn't lay off firefighters. They didn't lay off  teachers. They have held their teachers. They have held their  firefighters. My State has actually paid bonuses to teachers and to  State workers, they have so much money coming in.   You see, COVID, the pandemic, did not hit all the States in the same  way. So States that need more money, give them more money. I am happy  to do that. But States like mine, Florida, Oklahoma, Texas, California,  they don't need more money. Why are we borrowing more money and sending  on the burden of debt and interest payments to our kids and grandkids  to send money to States that don't need it?   By the way, we are talking about States that don't have deficits;  they have surpluses. All of their COVID expenses would be reimbursed  under the  [[Page S1250]]  proposal that I make. There is no COVID expense that is not reimbursed.    I believe I have 10 more seconds.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   