 Madam President, as the disasters pile up left and right  from these early months of the Biden Presidency, one might be called  the Tail of Three Pipelines--three separate pipelines, three separate  challenges, united by one consistent theme. In each case, the  foolishness and weakness of the Biden administration has led to the  disaster.   First, President Biden began his administration by killing the  Keystone XL Pipeline on day one. This decision was a gift to the  radical environmentalist nonprofit industry in Washington, DC, and  destroyed thousands of good, high-paying, blue-collar, American jobs,  including many jobs in my home State of Arkansas.   Second, last week Russian-affiliated hackers attacked the Colonial  Pipeline--an artery that supplies nearly half the fuel for the east  coast--causing widespread gas shortages across the Southeast.   Instead of making the hackers feel the full wrath of the U.S.  Government, the Biden administration called the attack a private sector  concern. Colonial then paid the hackers over $4 million in ransom,  presumably with Biden administration foreknowledge and acquiescence, if  not explicit support. This payment, of course, will only encourage  further such attacks on American companies.   Third and finally, yesterday the Biden administration announced it  will waive major, legally mandated sanctions against the Russian Nord  Stream 2 Pipeline into Germany. This refusal to implement sanctions  approved by Congress directly benefits by design the Russian company  building Nord Stream 2 and its CEO, who--you won't believe it--is a  former Communist, East German Stasi officer and longtime crony of  Vladimir Putin.   President Biden's decision to cave on Nord Stream 2 is just the  latest show of weakness towards Russia by this administration, which is  strange, coming from a party that spent the last 4 years all chesty and  boastful, pretending they were Jack Ryan in a Tom Clancy novel.   Nord Stream 2 will serve as a noose around the neck of Europe's  energy supply. It will allow Russia to squeeze the sovereign nations of  Eastern and Central Europe into submission.   You may think I am exaggerating, but Russia has used energy as a  weapon of foreign policy many times in the past. In 2009, for instance,  Russia shut off the flow of natural gas to Europe during a dispute with  Ukraine, causing energy shortages in the dead of winter. Russia has  reduced or shut off gas to Austria, Poland, Romania, Lithuania, and  Slovakia whenever those countries have refused its demands or otherwise  displeased the Kremlin.   Nord Stream 2 will deepen Europe's addiction to Russian gas and make  it ever more dependent on the dealer. All of Europe could suffer, but  Ukraine would be hurt the most of all. If the Nord Stream 2 pipeline  comes online, Russia could bypass Ukraine entirely. This would not only  cost Ukraine's economy billions of dollars in transit fees, it would  also give Russia the ability to isolate and starve this proud nation.  It is hard to imagine a worse time for this to happen, with Russian  troops massed on the Ukrainian border, while Russia's dictator  salivates over conquering or further partitioning this country.   It is no wonder that the vast majority of Europe sees the dire danger  posed by this pipeline. The European Parliament voted overwhelmingly  against it on three separate occasions, including just last month. The  United Kingdom, France, and Eastern Europe firmly oppose its  construction as well. It is only a small but influential group of  German elites who support this misguided plan.   It is ironic that these men and women of power and privilege would  doubtlessly claim to support the so-called liberal international order,  as is the fashion in such circles, but their actions are directly  empowering a dictator who poses the greatest threat to their dreams; a  man who rose to power and has maintained it through extortion, murder,  and brutality.   Putin's most recent political rival, Alexei Navalny, was poisoned  with a nerve agent and today is rotting in a Russian penal colony.  Navalny's only crime was exposing the corruption and depravity of the  Russian state. Yet President Biden wants to enrich and reward this very  regime.   Ultimately, the pipeline is emblematic of the Biden administration's  ``America last'' foreign policy, but there is still time to stop it. I  am urging the President to reverse course immediately. There is little  room for error left at this late, perilous stage. Nord Stream 2 is 95  percent completed. Like an outstretched arm, Russia's pipeline extends  ominously within reach of Germany's shore. We have to move quickly and  in concert with our allies to make sure it extends no further.   This Russian pipeline is bad for America and bad for Europe. If the  President wishes to take the reins of international leadership, this is  his opportunity. Kill Nord Stream 2 now, and let it rust beneath the  waves of the Baltic.   I yield the floor.   