 Mr. President, since the Democratic leadership and the  Biden administration first proposed the massive tax-and-spend  legislation called reconciliation 7 weeks ago, I have come to the floor  every week to explain what is in this massive tax-and-spend proposal  and why I believe it is wrong for the economy at a time of high  inflation, low economic growth, and record levels of debt.   Before I talk about that, though, I think it is important to consider  where we have been, how things could be better. Before the pandemic  began, back in February of 2020--largely thanks to commonsense, pro- growth tax reform that was passed in 2017 by Republicans here in the  Congress and the Trump administration--we had one of the strongest  economies we had ever seen. We had 19 straight months, in February of  2020, of wage growth over 3 percent on an annual basis--19 straight  months of wage growth, real wage growth, above inflation--by the way,  most of it benefiting lower and middle-income Americans.   We had the lowest poverty rate in the history of our country since we  started keeping track of it back in the 1950s. Blacks and Hispanics had  the lowest unemployment rate ever. Overall, we had the lowest  unemployment rate in 50 years. It was an opportunity economy. We need  to get back to that.   Then, of course, as everyone remembers, we had to deal with the  effects of COVID-19, including shutting down much of the economy.  Luckily, we now have vaccines that are making it possible for us to  return to a relatively normal lifestyle.   But there is one big problem. While the pandemic is finally starting  to fade, the economy is being seriously challenged by extremely high  inflation.   Don't take my word for it. Here is what the data says. The latest  Consumer Price Index jumped to one of the largest increases in 13  years, to 5.4 percent. That means people are paying more for  everything. The latest Producer Price Index went up too. That means the  folks who produce the goods are paying more to put them on the shelf.   Real wages are actually down because, adjusted for inflation, wages  are down by an average of 1.7 percent during the Biden administration.  So people back home tell me: I got a wage gain, Rob, but I am not  feeling it because inflation is eating up all the gain I got.   Wage increases may be out there, but they are not above inflation.  The response by Washington has been unprecedented, what is called  stimulus spending. It is like adding fuel to the fire. Stimulus  spending at a time when demand was already increasing and the economy  was already rebounding has been a recipe for inflation, and that is  exactly what has happened.   Unfortunately, contrary to what the White House has said--which is  that this is going to be transitory, in other words, temporary--it  looks like it is here to stay for a while. And middle-class families,  of course, are feeling the squeeze.   We are paying 42 percent more at the pump--42 percent higher this  year than last year. It now costs almost a hundred bucks to fill up a  pickup truck. I know that because I filled up mine in Ohio recently-- $85.   I just can't believe that, here in Congress, we are thinking about  passing additional legislation to make inflation even worse. Everything  is up. Natural gas is expected to rise in that 40 percent range, just  as the winter heating season kicks into high gear. And it is not just  fuel costs. It is groceries. It is furniture. It is everything.   Thanksgiving is just around the corner. Here is the report from the  New York Times. And I read their lead: ``Thanksgiving 2021 could be the  most expensive meal in the history of the holiday.''   They are saying that because everything has gone up. The cost of  turkeys has gone up double digits, the cost of pumpkin pie, the cost of  everything that people are having to buy for Thanksgiving.   Unfortunately, the actions of this Democratic Congress are a big  part, again, of why this inflation is so high. Back at the beginning of  the year, Democrats passed a $1.9 trillion COVID relief bill that  mostly did not deal with COVID, but it did provide the most stimulus  spending to our economy ever in the history of the Congress. This  stimulus spending essentially primed the pump on an economy that was  already recovering nicely.   Multiple nonpartisan groups, including the Congressional Budget  Office here on Capitol Hill, told us that the economy was improving  already. In fact, CBO said that the economy was recovering and it would  recover to its prepandemic levels by midyear. That was by June 30 of  this year. Many of us tried to warn that if we overheated the economy,  spent more money to prime that pump, that it would result in more  inflation.   And it wasn't just Republicans. Larry Summers, who served as Treasury  Secretary under President Clinton and served as National Economic  Adviser for President Obama, basically said that. He warned that  injecting so much money into the economy would lead to inflation. And,  of course, it is lower income and middle-income Americans who get hurt  the worst.   It is basically a hidden tax. As I mentioned earlier, the annual  inflation rate last month was 5.4 percent, but everything I am seeing  is double-digit inflation this year compared to last year. But if your  wage rate is below that, if your wage increase is below that--maybe you  received a 3-percent wage increase--it is actually going to be harder  for you to be able to afford what you need for you and your family.   In other words, not too long after we enjoyed a record stretch of  wage growth, prepandemic, that primarily benefited lower and middle- income workers, we are now seeing just the opposite: a pay cut for  everyday Americans.   What do we need to do to address this? Well, stop the stimulus  spending because that is helping to fuel this inflation.   There are two major bills that Congress is considering right now. One  would help, and one would make matters worse.   What are they?   Well, the first is the bipartisan infrastructure bill. It passed the  Senate in early August with significant bipartisan support. That is  unusual around here, particularly for a bill as significant as this,  but we worked to ensure that the bill was one that both sides could  support.   And it makes too much sense for it not to become law. It will help  fix our Nation's crumbling infrastructure. It will fix our roads, our  bridges, our rail systems, and our ports, which are particularly  important right now given the supply chain issues that our country is  experiencing.   It will also help upgrade our digital infrastructure. High-sped  internet will now be available to kids so they can learn, so people can  get their healthcare online, so people who want to start a business can  do so. It will boost our Nation's ability to provide that kind of high- speed broadband, particularly in our rural areas.   Importantly, thoughtful, conservative economists like Michael Strain  at the American Enterprise Institute and Douglas Holtz-Eakin at the  American Action Forum will tell you that this bipartisan infrastructure  bill is counterinflationary; in other words, it will push back against  inflation. Why? Because it adds to the supply side of our economy, as  they will say. It contributes to our Nation's long-term growth because  it makes long-term investment in hard assets. Think of that bridge in  your State or your community that needs to be fixed. That spending  won't happen in the next year, but it will happen over 5, 10, maybe 15  years, and it will lead to a more efficient and productive economy.   It also will make us more competitive against countries like China,  which currently spends more than four times as much as we do on  infrastructure as a percent of their GDP. Why? Because they want to get  ahead.   The bipartisan infrastructure bill also has no tax increases. Let me  repeat that. Unlike the second bill we are going to talk about, the  bipartisan infrastructure bill has no tax increases on the economy.  [[Page S7595]]    It is no surprise that polling data from CBS News, CNBC, and others  shows that the vast majority of Americans--in this case, 87 percent in  these two polls--support investing in and improving our infrastructure.   For these reasons, the House of Representatives needs to pass this  bill without delay and help us achieve this win for the American  people. It has been almost 3 months since the legislation passed here  in the U.S. Senate--almost 3 months. It passed by a vote of 69 to 30.   It is now being held up by progressives in the House of  Representatives who want the second bill--the massive tax-and-spend  bill, the reconciliation bill--more than they want the infrastructure  bill. So they are holding the infrastructure bill hostage, thinking  that somehow that will enable them to get more moderate Democrats to  support the massive tax-and-spend bill. I don't think that is going to  happen, but, meanwhile, they are hurting the American people by holding  it hostage.   The second bill that Democrats are contemplating, which is the  reconciliation bill, a massive tax-and-spend bill, would inject at  least $2 trillion more in largely stimulus funding into an already  overheated economy. In order to try to pay for it, it also includes  significant tax increases that will hurt economic growth and jobs.   Democrats claim they are taxing the rich and corporations to pay for  it, but we shouldn't be fooled. The middle class will bear the brunt of  what they are proposing, as they always do.   As an example, the proposed Medicare surcharge on active investment  income will hit the millions of small businesses that structured  themselves as pass-through entities, as the vast majority do, with an  across-the-board 3.8-percent increase on all income.   Proposed corporate tax increases will hit American workers, based on  the analyses of the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office and the  nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation. It is very simple. When you  tax a company, the workers end up taking the brunt of it. About 70  percent of the benefit of the tax cuts and about 70 percent of the  detriment of the tax increases goes to worker wages and benefits. Costs  will be passed down to working families in the form of even lower wages  and even more inflation, which means higher prices for everything.   That is bad for the families that I represent. Any objective analysis  will show that this massive tax-and-spend bill will actually cost a lot  more than advertised.   Why do I say that? Because it uses some budget gimmicks to be able to  make the cost of the bill look like less.   Based on a new study that just came out by the Penn Wharton folks, if  benefit programs put in place by the bill--let's say the child tax  credit--increase and are not sunset in the 10-year window, then the  cost goes from $1.75 trillion to $3.98 trillion. In other words, if you  just assume that we are not going to sunset things like the child tax  credit, the cost goes to almost $4 trillion.   Democrats are proposing to end these new benefits partway through  their 10-year window to help keep the costs down, knowing full well  that, historically, benefit programs like this are not ended but always  extended.   So, taking away the budget gimmicks, the cost of this massive tax- and-spend bill gets it closer to $4 trillion. By the way, that is more  than twice as much as Congress has ever spent on a spending bill in the  history of our country.   I strongly urge President Biden and Democrats in Congress to slow  down this process at a time of high inflation, record debt, and  consider the devastating economic consequences of what they are  proposing. This increased spending, combined with job-killing tax  increases, could lead to the kind of stagflation, as they called it,  that we had back in the 1970s: low growth, high interest rates, high  inflation. We never want to go back there. Yet, if we don't change  course, we could be heading in that direction.   Here is a better solution. Just pass the right bill: the bipartisan,  pro-growth infrastructure bill that has been stuck in the House of  Representatives for almost 3 months. President Biden has said he will  sign it into law. It would be a victory for the American people.   Stop holding it hostage. Instead of holding it hostage, do something  good for our infrastructure, which everyone relies on--good for our  economy, good for American families, and good for the country right  now.   As we approach the Thanksgiving holiday, it would be a needed  bipartisan victory for which all of us--Republican and Democrat alike-- could give thanks.   I yield the floor.   