 Mr. President, I missed most of what Senator Cruz said,  but I think I have a general idea of what he was going to say.   So what is this all about tonight? Why are we here?   So the bottom line is we have a debt ceiling increase that is coming  due under our law. The debt ceiling has been dealt with numerous times  since I have been here.   What is this all about?   My Democratic colleagues--we worked together to pass a $1.2 trillion  bill for roads, bridges, ports, and electrical vehicles. I was 1 of 19  Republicans. Made sense to me.   The reason we have got a debt ceiling problem beyond the normal  course of business is that my Democratic colleagues, through  reconciliation, are going to keep on spending from $3\1/2\ to $5  trillion that has got zero to do, in my view, with infrastructure as we  know it. It is more about expanding the size and scope of government.   They have every right to pursue this, and we, as Republicans, have  every right to make it hard.   So Senator McConnell has been saying for 2 months now that if you are  going to spend the money through reconciliation, you need to raise the  debt limit through reconciliation. And there has been a change of heart  here at the last minute, but we will be doing this again in December.   So here is my point: I think you should do that. I think the  reconciliation process is available to you. I think you should be  required to use it, and I don't intend to help you spend any more of  this money.   Now, what does reconciliation mean?   It means that you can do it by yourself through a process that allows  50 votes, not 60.   As Budget ranking member, I am willing to waive the 3 days. I am  willing to try to make the process less painful. But the point is that  you need to own this, and that was our position until recently.   We will be doing this again in December, and this idea that the rules  of the Senate may change because of this issue or any other issue--I  want to get something off my chest.   When President Trump was President, we had the House and the Senate,  and there was enormous pressure on Republicans to change the rules to  get everything we wanted, and a lot of Democratic colleagues standing  up for the constitutional filibuster--legislative filibuster. We sent a  letter with over 60-something names on it basically saying to the  leaders of the Senate: Let's don't make the Senate the House.   All of a sudden, you are now in charge of 50-50, and there is a  constant stream of threats, coming from the President this time, to  change the rules of the Senate to raise the debt limit because you  don't want to use reconciliation.   If you have no more respect for the Senate than that, go ahead and  change the rules.   I am not going to live the rest of my political life under threat. I  am asking no more of you than I ask of myself.   So if the reason the Republican Party has changed its position is  because we think somehow what we were  [[Page S6987]]  doing would put the Senate in peril, well, then, the Senate was in  peril a lot more than we thought it was.   It never entered my mind to go to Democratic colleagues and say: If  you don't do a few things that I need to have to get people off my ass  at home, then I may have to do carve-outs of this and that.   I didn't do it because I don't think it is the right thing to do. I  am not going to tolerate it now.   Now, I will work with you when it makes sense, but what you are doing  makes no sense to me, and you need to pay a political price for it  under the rules.   I am not doing anything illegal. The Republican Party wasn't doing  anything backdoor. We said there is a way forward on the debt ceiling.  It is reconciliation. And that is the process you should use because of  what you are doing in terms of spending all this money, and we are just  not going to be part of making it easy for you to spend all this money.   And here we are. Ten Republicans are going to be voting here pretty  soon. I will not be one of them.   And to my Republican colleagues: I understand where you are coming  from. I don't fault you for your vote. You know, I was 1 of 19  Republicans that voted for an infrastructure package. A lot of you  didn't agree. Some of you were vocal about it. I can take criticism  from within my party and without. I try to be respectful.   I will be respectful tonight, but here is our problem as Republicans:  We said for 2 months we are going to do one thing, and at the end we  have done another.   What does it really matter?   I don't know. I think it matters to the people who listen to us and  have some faith in us.   So to my Democratic colleagues: If we get through the night, we will  be doing this again. And I promise you, come December, I will be doing  everything I can to give you a reasonable reconciliation process to  make it as painless as possible in terms of process, but this is what  you should be doing because this is what you are doing to the country.   And to my Republican colleagues: We will have another bite at this  apple, and we need to decide who we are and what we believe. And if we  are not going to pursue this strategy anymore, let's just tell the  people of the country up front it was a bad idea, we shouldn't have  done it. I think it wasn't a bad idea, but let's not mislead people  here. Let's not say one thing and do another.   So I am hoping that we can find a way to do some things together  before now and 2022. There are some things on Section 230. The  colleague, the Presiding Officer, is one of the best people in the  world to do things with if you are looking for bipartisanship on  immigration. We have got a broken border, we have got DACA at risk.  Maybe we can do a small deal on immigration.   But the point for me is this was a self-inflicted wound, and we need  not do this again.   I yield the floor.   