 Mr. President, I could never match the eloquence of the  Senator from Oklahoma, who just spoke about the same topic about which  I rise at this moment.   I remember when Democrats running for office would tell the American  people that they were pro-choice, but they felt that abortion should be  safe, it should be legal, but it should be rare--safe, legal, and rare.  I remember when Bill Clinton said that to the American people. And I  think about how far the left has gone from that to the attitude that my  friend from Oklahoma has described.   I first encountered the March for Life when I was a staff member up  here in Washington, DC, working for then-Congressman Trent Lott, 1981.  It was wonderful to see those people, and it will be wonderful to join  them online in a virtual march this Friday.   I can tell you also that those people who say ``We follow the  science'' are those of us now who are pro-life because, as the Senator  from Oklahoma pointed out, as more and more information comes out about  DNA, about the pictures--about the pictures that my wife and I have had  on our refrigerator of our unborn grandchildren--more and more  Americans, more and more people around the world understand that the  science is on the side of those of us who are pro-life; that the  beating hearts, the faces that we see in these young unborn children  are, indeed, humans made in God's image and that they are entitled to  the protections that our Founders outlined, protecting life, liberty,  and the pursuit of happiness.   Twenty-five years ago, 56 percent of Americans considered themselves  pro-choice. Only 33 percent said they were pro-life. I was glad to be  part of that 33 percent, but I am certainly glad to see our numbers  have risen. Today's pro-life movement has closed that gap completely.  The country is now evenly split.   But I will say this for some of my fellow Americans who call  themselves pro-choice: There are differences within that group.   Gallup reports 81 percent of Americans think abortion should be  illegal in the third trimester. Why can't we get Democrats and  Republicans and Independents of the right and center and left to agree  to that--where 81 percent of Americans said we should make abortion  illegal in the third trimester. Sixty-five percent say it should be  illegal in the second trimester.   In addition, a Marist poll last year found that 60 percent of  Americans are against using taxpayer dollars to fund abortion. Even if  some of them believe abortion should be legal, 60 percent of  Americans--a supermajority--are against using tax dollars to fund  abortion. That is up from 54 percent just 1 year before.   Because the science is moving in our favor, the evidence is moving in  our favor, public opinion is moving in our favor. That same poll found  35 percent of Democrats oppose using taxpayer funds for abortion. Many  of these Americans might check the box saying they are pro-choice, but  they are willing to draw an important distinction between abortion  being legal in some circumstances and taking taxpayer dollars from pro- life Americans to actually fund abortion.   In essence, these people are saying: We can disagree about abortion  being illegal, but let's not force pro-life Americans to pay for a  practice they find abhorrent and morally reprehensible.   That is a view that I do not agree with because I am solidly pro- life, but it is an eminently reasonable view.   Why can't we enact that into a permanent statute in the United  States? It is a position that Congress has adopted every year when we  pass the Hyde amendment to keep Federal dollars from going toward  abortion.   I regret that our present President does not seem to share this view,  although he once held this view. Days ago, in one of his first acts in  office, our new President reversed the Mexico City policy, allowing  American tax dollars to begin funding abortions in foreign countries  once again. This decision showed disregard, to me, for the consciences  of millions of American taxpayers who are pro-life. I was appalled by  this decision. I know many of my constituents were. I think Congress  should pass legislation enshrining the Mexico City policy in statute.   But at this moment, I rise proposing a more familiar and direct and,  I think, politically popular step and that would be to put no taxpayer  funding of abortion legislation into the permanent statute rather than  passing it each year as the Hyde amendment. Of all the abortion-related  bills that reach the Senate floor, this one should be the least  controversial. The Hyde amendment is standard policy. It has passed  annually for more than 40 consecutive years, during terms of Republican  Presidents, terms of Democratic Presidents, during Democratic  majorities in the House and the Senate and when it was, indeed, the  other way around. It has stood the test of time and enjoys broad  consensus in this body and in the United States of America. Passing  this legislation to make the Hyde Amendment permanent would keep  taxpayers from having to worry each year if their money is going to be  used for an abortion in this country.   I stand this Friday with millions and millions of Americans who will  join in supporting life, and I urge my colleagues to send an important  signal to all of the American people that Congress is serious about  seeking unity and healing.   I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this legislation as  we work to build bipartisan consensus for life in the days ahead.   I yield the floor.   