 Mr. President, water is one of our most precious resources,  and it is vital to life. It is necessary for agriculture, industry,  recreation, conservation, the development and growth of cities, and so  many aspects of our day-to-day lives. Unfortunately, for States like  Utah--States with a lot of Federal land and States that are dry in many  areas--our supply for this critical resource, water, is threatened  under the Antiquities Act.   Why is this the case? Well, let's review the background.   Back in 1908, the Supreme Court concluded that, when the Federal  Government reserves land for an Indian reservation, it also implicitly  reserves sufficient water on that land to fulfill the purposes of the  reservation, creating the ``Federal reserved water rights'' doctrine.  In later cases, the Court expanded that doctrine to apply to other  Federal properties--other Federal properties like national forests and  recreation areas.   Then, in 1976, the Supreme Court held that the doctrine applied to  national monuments created by the President. In other words, it  affirmed the President's authority unilaterally to change the legal  water rights within a State simply by designating a monument under the  Antiquities Act   Now, under the Antiquities Act, the President has the authority and  the discretion to create a monument, as long as there is Federal land.  So it makes a State like mine, 67 percent of which is owned by the  Federal Government, a sitting duck for abuse.   Now, we have talked about Antiquities Act abuses in other contexts.  Here, I am focusing in on a very narrow ramification of Antiquities Act  abuse, which relates to water rights. It is only that narrow  ramification that I am trying to address with this amendment.   Monument designations can be and often are made without the approval  of the State and its inhabitants. And, unfortunately, in recent years,  these designations have grown rather significantly in size and in  scope.   The result for public land States, like Utah, is involved in access  and use to the water supply being significantly curtailed. In some  cases, privately held water rights are even terminated altogether, and  it opens up the door to even greater abuse under the Antiquities Act  down the road.   Imagine for a moment if a proposal for a national monument were  designated in just one river basin, such as the Grand Canyon. In order  to preserve the flow of water on the Colorado River through the Grand  Canyon, water rights--legally established, longstanding, long- established water rights--could be eliminated, completely eliminated in  Colorado, in Utah, in Arizona, in Nevada, in California through the  stroke of the executive pen.   A reservation of water could reduce or eliminate drinking water for  communities across the West. It could eliminate irrigation water for  almonds or grapes in California or Sudan grass in Utah. The perils are  endless.   That is why I am introducing an amendment that would prevent the  President from unilaterally creating reserved water rights when  designating a national monument.   Now, it is important for me to mention--now that I have explained  what this amendment would do, I want to talk about what it would not  do.   My amendment would not prevent the President from creating a national  monument itself. And, furthermore, it would still allow for water  rights to be acquired for a monument through the State system in which  the water rights themselves reside.   It would simply and fairly give States a say in the process,  regardless of how you feel about national monuments or about the  Antiquities Act. I have made clear in the past I have got grave  concerns with the Antiquities Act, and I believe it needs to be  repealed. This bill does not do that. This bill simply cabins off water  rights and says that water rights need to be handled through the legal  process to which they would otherwise be handled, to which they would  otherwise be subjected.   This is a simple, commonsense solution to ensure that Utah and other  States where there is a lot of Federal public land are guaranteed the  protection of their existing water rights and a reliable water supply.  It would be easy to dismiss or denigrate or downplay the importance of  this if you live in a State where there is not much Federal land. But  if you live in a State like mine, where most of the land is owned by  the Federal Government, you can understand how quickly this could  become destructive, if abused, and that is exactly why we need this  amendment.   I urge all my colleagues to support it.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, it would be  a gross understatement to say that Alaska tourism and, indeed, tourism  around the country is suffering and has been throughout the pandemic.   The cruise industry, which accounts for more than 50 percent of all  tourists visiting Alaska every year, has been particularly decimated  not only due to the pandemic but also because of an arcane law passed  by Congress back in 1886.   This law, known as the Passenger Vessel Services Act, or PVSA, states  that no ship that is foreign built, foreign owned, foreign flagged, or  foreign crewed may transport passengers between two U.S. ports or  places. So instead of operating continuously in U.S. waters, ships and  cruise operators departing from the United States are forced to make  stops in foreign ports in order to remain in compliance with this 130- year-old law.   In other words, we are literally shipping our tourism and our  economic activity abroad to other countries and, in the process, we are  destroying countless opportunities for our own coastal cities, States,  and towns.   Now, you don't have to take my word for it. You can google this and  see it for yourself. Cruises from the United States, if they leave from  the United States, must make stops in Canada, Mexico, or Pacific Island  States in order to avoid incurring the wrath and the heavy penalties of  the Passenger Vessel Services Act. Instead of welcoming tourists and  the dollars they spend into American ports, we drive them to Canada, to  Mexico, and to Pacific Island States.   Does this law even succeed on its own protectionist terms? Does this  law protect American shipbuilders? It decidedly does not. It decidedly  does neither, in fact. Just to be clear, this is a point of  differentiation here. I have made no secret about the fact that I don't  like the Jones Act. The Jones Act is a separate beast from this. They  are both beasts. I dislike both of them intensely. I would repeal both  of them today if I had the chance. I understand, at least, with respect  to the Jones Act, what the arguments are as to why we would want to  keep them intact. I strongly disagree with them, and I believe U.S.  consumers pay for them dearly, especially in places like Puerto Rico  and in places like Hawaii, in parts of New England, and in other places  where they have more limited access to the goods that they might  otherwise have access to in the absence of the Jones Act.    There is a big difference between the PVSA and the Jones Act. At  least with respect to the Jones Act, there are other considerations,  and those considerations do not exist with respect to the PVSA.   Now, it is important to keep in mind, again, the difference between  the Jones Act and the PVSA, which is that with the PVSA, we are dealing  specifically with passenger vehicles, passenger vessels. I am directing  my remarks today to those passenger vessels in the large passenger  vessel category; that is, those with at least 800 passenger berths or  more.   With respect to those, this is very significant because the United  States has not built a single large cruise ship in over 60 years--not  one, not a single one. With respect to large passenger vessels, this  law is literally protecting no one.   At least with respect to the Jones Act, people can point out: Well,  perhaps it is helping to nurture the U.S. shipbuilding industry. Again,  I think that argument overlooks the fact that we are laying that burden  on the backs of poor middle-class Americans in places like Puerto Rico  and Hawaii and New England and Alaska and other  [[Page S2345]]  parts of the country. But at least I understand that, when there is an  industry at issue there. It is an industry that is being greedy, and it  is an industry that, really, is engaging in crony capitalism. But I  understand the argument.   With respect to the PVSA, we are not protecting anything because we  do not make large passenger vessels in this country and haven't for  over half a century. And so by taking away opportunities for American  jobs in dockside maintenance and repair, in ports and coastal cities,  in hotels and restaurants, and in the travel support sector, this law,  the PVSA, as applied to large passenger vessels, harms American  workers, and it redirects the demand elsewhere.   It also harms consumers who have fewer options--fewer cruises that  they can take, higher prices for those cruises that are offered. And as  we have seen during the pandemic, it has left us subject to the will  and whim of foreign powers.   Make no mistake, the PVSA is not ``America first.'' This is the  encapsulation of ``special interests first'' or even, you might say,  ``Canada first.'' Perhaps this is the reason that the Canadian  Government lobbies Congress to keep the PVSA in place. Think about that  for a minute.   This unfortunate situation has been exacerbated by the pandemic,  during which Canada has closed its ports to cruise ships, making it,  effectively, impossible for Alaskan cruises to carry on. But the only  reason why Canada wields this tremendous authority over us is because  of our own law--our own law that they are lobbying us to keep in place  because they benefit from it, but they are shutting it down, making it  impossible for Alaskan cruises for the time being.   Without the necessary foreign port call, cruises simply cannot travel  to Alaska. Without relief, the Alaskan tourism industry will evaporate,  harming Alaskan dock workers, repairmen, those in the hospitality  services, and more.   Just the same, think about all the jobs that aren't created that  could otherwise exist, that could exist tomorrow if we just got rid of  this 130-year-old law that serves no purpose--the jobs, the vacation  opportunities, especially in port States, not just Alaska but Florida,  Louisiana, Texas, New York, and many, many others, places where cruise  ships already depart but are severely hobbled as to their itineraries  because of this law, the PVSA, that serves no one--no one, perhaps,  except these foreign powers.   The CDC's outdated no-sail order has made these matters so much  worse, and we have to address those as well.   Alaska already lost last summer's season. That is tragic. I can't  imagine Congress would force them to lose yet another season now. Yet  that might already be the case, you see, because unless they start  moving those ships up there right now, there can't be any cruise ship  season for Alaska this summer.   Now, my two colleagues from Alaska, thankfully, introduced a bill to  help correct the issue by exempting certain Alaskan cruise lines from  the PVSA for the duration of Canada's border closure, a bill that I was  happy to support in order to provide short-term relief for Alaska, even  if it didn't provide the reform needed for the long term, as we  desperately need.   Unfortunately, the bill that is now before us has deviated from that  purpose. It now has poison pill provisions that add duplicative,  unnecessary, and unrelated regulations that will harm, not help, the  cruise industry.   Look, I remain ready, willing, and eager to negotiate the terms of  this, but we have to provide relief. It is not just about an industry.  It is not just about any one State. It is about the access the American  people have through their businesses or their own travel interests. We  should be able to do this. It makes no sense to anyone. No one could  plan a road trip and say that we can't go to a neighboring State unless  we can touch back to a foreign country in the meantime. Nobody would  fly to an adjacent State or across the country if, in the process, they  had to fly to a third-party country merely in order to comply with some  arcane Federal law--no one, except, of course, the very wealthy, who  could still afford it. Most Americans can't.   And the Americans who can least afford this law--this law that serves  no one, perhaps, except the foreign interests I mentioned, including,  but not limited to Canada--the people who really suffer for that, are  America's workers. Shame on us if we don't fix that.   Look, I remain hopeful, optimistic, and ever-willing to negotiate  this. I have lots of amendments to offer up. In deference to my  colleagues from Alaska, I am going to hold off on counterproposing  those right now. But I am filing them, and they are ready to go. I hope  we can negotiate our way through this. If we can't, shame on us. The  PVSA is bad. It is bad news. We need to let it go.   For these reasons, I object.   