 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the Senate is stunned and grieving this  morning. Our dear friend and former colleague Senator Mike Enzi passed  away last night following a serious bike accident this past weekend.   Mike was 77 years old and only about 7 months into retirement. Our  friend was blessed with a great American life, and he lived it well.  Mike was hugely accomplished but at the same time humble. He was  powerful; he was influential but earnest and deeply kind. He was  ambitious, but on behalf of the people of Wyoming, not personal gain or  glory.   Mike's quarter-century career in the U.S. Senate capped a storied  career in public service. He was elected mayor of Gillette, WY, at just  30 years old. He was a young husband, running a family business, but he  saw an opportunity to put his shoulder to help his neighbors.   Well, to be more precise, our former colleague and Mike's  predecessor, Al Simpson, gave him a not-so-subtle nudge. It was more  like conscription. Gillette needed help, and this up-and-comer was  exactly what the booming town needed at that time.   Diana agreed to let Mike throw his hat in the ring, and the rest is  history. The mayor's office eventually gave way to the Wyoming House,  then the State senate, and then this Senate.   Here, Mike built a two-part reputation that might have struck people  as contradictory. On the one hand, Mike was a principled, hard-nosed  conservative. He chaired the HELP Committee and the Budget Committee  with a small businessman's painstaking financial eye. In fact, when he  first unpacked his office, Mike was the Senate's only trained  accountant. He was central to getting generational tax reform off the  starting blocks. He was a policy leader in our conference. But at the  same time, this principled westerner was also universally known as one  of the kindest, most thoughtful, most respectful Senators on either  side of the aisle.   Mike's famous 80-20 rule helped him find bipartisan common ground on  a long list of significant issues. I know he was particularly proud of  his focus on the global fight against AIDS.   On the HELP Committee, Mike cut important deals with his counterpart  and ideological opposite, Ted Kennedy. Neither Senator walked away from  his principles; they just wanted to find where those principles  actually fit together.   Mike's policy wins were many. But at the end of the day, Mike knew  what everyone else around here knew: His greatest accomplishment was  winning Diana's hand and building their family together.   Their marriage, their partnership, was a Senate institution unto  itself. The Enzis' kindness overflowed into legendary parties and  generous gifts for the entire Senate community, especially the behind- the scenes all-stars who do not get thanked nearly enough.   So Mike Enzi departed the Senate having changed policy and law for  the better because of his mind. And now he has departed this life  having changed his friends and his colleagues for the better because of  his heart.   Today, the entire Senate stands in solidarity with Diana at this  tragic time, which has come entirely too soon. Our prayers are with  her, their three children, and their grandchildren and the entire  family.   