 Mr. President.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object. Yesterday,  Tallahassee Memorial Hospital disclosed that 82 people died inside  their healthcare system from COVID over the course of the month of  September. That is the worst month on record for that hospital system.   It is not shocking to anyone because we just went passed 700,000  people who have now been killed by this virus in the United States of  America. And this attack that continues to be launched on the Senate  floor against science and against sound public health policy is  standing in the way of us defeating this virus.   Now, I will speak to Senator Lee's objection, but Senator Johnson  just came to the floor and opened up his remarks by declaring he that  wasn't an anti-vaxxer and then just engaged in a 10-minute broadside  against vaccines, citing conspiracy theory after conspiracy theory. The  effect will be to undermine America's faith in vaccines that are  working.   To prove his point, the Senator from Wisconsin read an email from a  constituent who got the vaccine and got infected.   I am sure that is true. There are, in fact, people who have gotten  the vaccine who have gotten the infection. It isn't 100 percent  effective.   But he didn't cite these statistics: those who have been vaccinated  are 10 times less likely to be hospitalized. Those who have been  vaccinated are 10 times less likely to die.   Here are some numbers from the State of Pennsylvania that I just saw  this morning: In Pennsylvania, 97 percent of deaths are amongst the  unvaccinated; 95 percent of hospitalizations are amongst the  unvaccinated; and 94 percent of cases are amongst the unvaccinated.   Senator Lee is right, vaccines work--vaccines work, and I appreciate  his statement to that effect. But others, like the Senator from  Wisconsin, are coming down to the floor, and their words have the  effect of undermining people's faith in science, and that is deadly.  That is deadly.   As to Senator Lee's objections, I know he makes them in good faith,  but my impression is that this Congress and this country decided a long  time ago that the government does have a role to play when it comes to  the safety of our workplaces. In fact, that is the entire reason for  the existence of OSHA. Whether you like it or not, from a policy  perspective, OSHA has handed down mandate after mandate about what is  necessary for employers to make sure that when you show up to work in a  hospital or a factory or a school, that your workplace is safe.   Specifically, this country is not a stranger to vaccine mandates. In  fact, every parent who sends their kids to school knows all about  vaccine mandates because you have to make sure that your child is  vaccinated before they go to school. Most of those schools have  relatively reasonable exemptions--often, at the very least, medical  exemptions; sometimes religious and philosophical exemptions.   Let's be clear: President Biden's plan includes commonsense  considerations for exemptions.   Let's also be clear that, at least with respect to the OSHA  requirement, it is a mandate for testing, not for vaccinations. There  are other mandates that are requiring the vaccination take place, but  the broadest of the proposed mandates is a mandate that everybody get  tested; you don't have to get tested if you get the vaccine.   And so I am deeply worried about how unserious this country is about  the science and about sound public health policy. We aren't going to  get over this pandemic--we aren't going to be able to turn the page-- unless people choose to get vaccinated: 10 times less likely to die, 10  times less likely to get hospitalized.   Yes, it is true, there are cases in which there may be medical  contraindications. President Biden's plan accounts for that. And yes,  it is true that there are individual people who have still had  breakthrough cases. But this is an effective vaccine. It is a safe  vaccine. And the only way that we save lives is if we stop focusing on  ideology and keep our focus on science and what works.   And for that reason, I object.   