 I don't rise today, Mr. President, in opposition to COVID  relief, nor do I rise today to oppose money for vaccine distribution  and testing, nor do I rise to oppose stimulus spending for those who  really need it--our hard-hit businesses, rank-and-file fellow  Americans--and I certainly don't rise to oppose additional grants and  loans for other enterprises out there that just aren't going to be able  to make it through this, like our not-for-profits that are essential to  all of our communities. But I rise today, instead, to oppose this  partisan, pork-filled American Rescue Plan.   You know, I am not known for histrionics in this body, and I am not  engaging in them. This is a partisan bill full of a liberal wish list  of items that, frankly, aren't popular with Hoosiers, and they won't be  popular with the American people the more they get to know about what  is loaded up in this $1.9 trillion package of goodies.   In the last year, during a time of political division and strife,  this Congress came together around COVID relief. We rose to the  challenge presented to us by this global pandemic. We didn't bring it  on. By most accounts, it came from China. But we came together to  address this foreign threat that came to our shores that has decimated  our economy, that has threatened lives and livelihoods, and we passed 5  relief measures with well more than 90 votes in every instance.   The total, nearly $3.5 trillion--and I make no apologies for those  investments. Those were investments in public health. Those were  investments in our communities. Those were investments in our  employers. Those were investments in our loved ones, to provide them  safety and security and a measure of comfort but to save their very  lives. These are investments in our frontline workers. We did all of  that in a bipartisan fashion with very little opposition--very little  opposition.   Unity, that is what this country needs. I heard that coming from the  lips of Republicans and Democrats alike at the highest levels weeks  ago, and that is what I pine for. I want our country to be unified. I  believe we can be unified. But this is not a step in the right  direction.   Even though much of the money that we have allocated to address the  many consequences of this global pandemic has not been spent yet, we  Republicans have tried to work with the Biden administration on a sixth  relief package over the past month. In fact, I was 1 of 10 Republicans  who--I say this commendably toward the Biden administration;  specifically, I commend the President for inviting myself and nine  other Republicans into the Oval Office to discuss our counterproposal.   And I have to say, the $600 billion proposal that we were providing  was, for this U.S. Senator, a bit of a stretch. You know, so much money  was still in the pipeline, it wasn't even clear that that much was  needed. But we certainly did not need $1.9 trillion, and we all agreed  upon that.   Unfortunately, we sort of left that meeting with a supposition that,  unfortunately, has been substantiated, that there was an intention to  move forward, regardless of the respectful and fact-based exchange we  had about the wastefulness of the $1.9 trillion package and the extent  to which the $600 billion package more than met the needs of getting  people vaccinated, getting people back to work, and getting our kids  back to school as safely and as quickly as possible.   Here we are, though. Instead of a targeted relief package, we have  seen our Democratic leaders load up a $1.9 trillion bill with wish-list  items.   And so here is what I am going to have to educate Hoosiers on in the  coming months because I think they actually believe this is mostly  about vaccination and getting kids back to school and getting people  back to work--and I wish that were the case. But, no, it is about  borrowing money so that we can pay for I think what can fairly be  characterized as a Blue State bailout to the tune of $350 billion.   You see, a lot of States aren't like the State of Indiana. The State  of Indiana, over the years, has balanced our budget and come up with a  rainy day fund. And we are criticized, oftentimes for not spending  money out of that rainy day fund. But the rainiest of days hit, and  Indiana was ready. Not every State did that. Many States have elected  leaders who have made unfulfillable promises to their constituency over  the years related to their retirements and so forth. So now, in this  package, is $350 billion going toward those States to be used for  purposes other than pandemic relief.   Also in this bill, $1.9 trillion package, is a Silicon Valley subway.  I am not sure how it got in there. I do know that Speaker Pelosi hails  from the area.   The National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the  Humanities--I love arts; I love the humanities. We can debate the  proper role of government in funding these public cultural goods, but  let's do it some other time. Let's not do it in the course of pandemic  relief legislation.   Expansion of the Paycheck Protection Program to provide loans to  Planned Parenthood, will force certain taxpayers, like myself, to  violate our conscience--much, much more. It is full of waste. It is fat  with waste.   This body passed a $1.9 trillion CARES Act in March of 2020.   One year later, Democrats, along party lines, are poised to jam  through another $1.9 trillion package. To give you some sense of how  much a trillion dollars is--these numbers can be abstract sometimes-- try to visualize $1 bills stacked from the ground halfway up to the  moon. That is a trillion dollars, I was told earlier today. That is a  lot of money, and we are borrowing every cent of it.   I think it is important we consider the difference between what we  passed a year ago and what we are now considering as likely to pass  along party-line votes. When the CARES Act went into  [[Page S983]]  effect, the Nation was shut down. Only so-called essential businesses,  businesses that could operate safely, were open.   Indiana's unemployment rate then was 17.5 percent. We have done a  great job managing this crisis in the State of Indiana. Most businesses  are reopened. The unemployment rate is 3.4 percent in our State. We  don't have the same public health challenges of other places that have  shut everything down. I will let others try and define why that is.   When the CARES Act became law, not a single school in Indiana was  open, and in Indiana today most schools are open to in-person learning,  in-person instruction, many full time. And let me take this opportunity  to commend our administrators and our teachers in the State of Indiana  for showing up for work. We don't see that all around the country. Last  week, in more than 2,000 schools in Indiana, there were only 62 teacher  cases. I told you basically all the schools have opened up. Only 62  teacher cases in Indiana. That is one case for every 33 schools. I  would say we are doing a pretty good job managing the risk, following  the science.   When the CARES Act became law, a vaccine was a far-off dream. I can  remember President Trump indicating there would be a vaccine by year's  end. People laughed. Democrats scoffed, mocked. Members of the media  mocked him. Not only do we have one vaccine, but then comes vaccine  number two and vaccine number three, all in the pipeline because of  Operation Warp Speed that the Trump administration implemented to, at  once, streamline the regulatory process for approval and also begin  manufacturing in parallel. It is good that the Biden administration is  building on those successes.   So, look, there is no doubt that some Hoosiers and many Americans are  still hurting. We can and we will and we must help those people, but  President Biden and the national Democrats' so-called American Rescue  Plan is not the way to do it. It just is not responsible. We are better  than that.   So we who oppose this, we who happen to be Republican U.S. Senators  who oppose this partisan effort to use this crisis to advance  initiatives like arts funding and a subway next to Speaker Pelosi's  district, along partisan lines, we are not going to just let this pass  and allow the national Democrats to cram unrelated policies into what  should be a bill squarely targeted at this crisis. We need a bill just  like the five bills that we passed in a strongly bipartisan fashion  just last year.   So today we have more than a million Hoosiers who have received their  first dose of vaccine, including more than 70 percent of Hoosiers age  70 and older. There is no doubt that some Hoosiers are still hurting.  Again, we will be helping those folks.   So this is really quite simple. We need to work together, Republicans  and Democrats, for the good of the country. This does indeed remain a  national crisis. We had negative economic growth last year because a  global pandemic interrupted the greatest period of economic growth in  my lifetime.   We need to recover. We are poised for a recovery this year, but we  need to do it in a targeted and in a fiscally responsible way and in a  fashion that doesn't undermine trust among one another and one that  doesn't break trust with the American people by spending their money  irresponsibly. I regret that that probably won't happen in the next few  days, but I resolve to continue fighting for Hoosiers, for fiscal  responsibility, and to constructively work with this administration  however we can moving forward.   With that, I yield the floor.   