 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 179, I call up  the bill (H.R. 1280) to hold law enforcement accountable for misconduct  in court, improve transparency through data collection, and reform  police training and policies, and ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  to insert extraneous material on H.R. 1280.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, last summer, millions of Americans all across the  country took to the streets to demand fundamental change in the culture  of law enforcement and to call for meaningful accountability for  officers who commit misconduct.   The catalyst for these protests was the tragic and brutal death of  George Floyd. None of us can forget the image of that officer's knee  pinned to his neck for nearly 8 agonizing minutes, or the sound of his  anguished pleas of ``I can't breathe'' that were ignored until his  final breath was taken from him.   After his death, the world awoke to daily indignities, and sometimes  the brutality, that too many people--disproportionately Black, Latinx,  and indigenous people, people living in poverty, and people with  disabilities--face in their interactions with law enforcement  throughout the country.   We value and respect the many brave and honorable police officers who  put their lives on the line every day to protect us and our  communities. We know that most law enforcement officers do their jobs  with dignity, selflessness, and honor, and they are deserving of our  respect and gratitude for all they do to keep us safe. But we must also  acknowledge that there are too many exceptions.   The reality for too many Americans, especially many Black Americans,  is that police officers are perceived as a threat to their liberties;  to their dignity; and, too often, to their safety. Sadly, our country's  history of racism and racially motivated violence continues to haunt  our Nation.   We see it in the rates of COVID deaths, in our system of mass  incarceration, and in the vast chasm of economic inequality, all of  which fall disproportionately on the backs of African Americans. And we  see it in the harassment and excessive force that many people of color  routinely experience by law enforcement.   That is why we must act today. The George Floyd Justice in Policing  Act would allow for meaningful accountability in cases of police  misconduct. It also effectively bans choke holds, ends racial and  religious profiling, ends no-knock warrants in drug cases, and limits  the militarization of local policing.   It encourages departments to meet a gold standard in training and  other best practices to reduce police bias and violence. It requires  significant data collection, including the first-ever national database  on police-misconduct incidents to prevent the movement of dangerous  officers from department to department.   In addition, this legislation creates a process to reimagine how  public safety could work in a truly equitable and just way in each  community.   Last summer, within weeks of the protests that galvanized the Nation,  the House passed the legislation before us today. Unfortunately, the  pleas for justice that rang out in the streets fell on deaf ears in the  Senate.   Since then, over 600 more people--disproportionately people of  color--have been killed by law enforcement officers.   The time for action is now.   I thank the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Bass) for crafting this  bold, yet responsible, legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Bass), the chief sponsor of this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the  gentlewoman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I would simply point out that this bill does  [[Page H1058]]  not--all the cities that we talked about, it does not mention any  cities.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Cohen).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. Cicilline).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. Jayapal).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Georgia (Mrs. McBath).    Mr. Speaker, no matter how many times the other side says  that this bill will defund the police, it does not make it true.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer).    Mr. Speaker, no matter how many times Republicans may say  the contrary, Democrats have never called for defunding the police.   Mr. Speaker, I now yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from  New York (Mr. Jeffries).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. Omar).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Pennsylvania (Ms. Dean).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi), the Speaker of the House of  Representatives.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Johnson).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from New York (Mr. Jones).    Madam Speaker, no matter how many times Republicans say  that this bill defunds the police, it doesn't change the fact that it  does not defund the police.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentlewoman from  Missouri (Ms. Bush).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Ohio (Mrs. Beatty).    Madam Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time is  remaining?    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Bowman).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Green).    Madam Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Connolly).    Madam Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time is  remaining?  [[Page H1068]]     Madam Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentlewoman from  New York (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney).    Madam Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Doggett).    Madam Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the distinguished  gentleman from New York (Mr. Torres).    Madam Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentlewoman from  Georgia (Ms. Williams).    Madam Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Ms. Tlaib).    Madam Speaker, how much time is remaining?    Madam Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the distinguished  gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Mfume).    Madam Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky).    Madam Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters).    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   