 Mr. President, you know, I think Americans must look  at what is happening up here in Washington, DC, and think that the  Democrats look like squirrels dodging cars in traffic. This is Biden's  America, one where the party in power is throwing policy spaghetti at  the wall in hopes that one of their harebrained ideas will stick.   It would be almost funny if our country wasn't staring down multiple  problems as a result of the Biden administration's policy failures. And  it is time the Democrats faced the facts. But after 10 months of  President Biden running the country, how are ordinary Americans doing?   Let's just take a look. Take the border crisis: a complete,  predictable, self-inflicted disaster.   On his first day in office, President Biden made the radical decision  to open our borders by undoing many successful policies put in place by  the Trump administration. They were working, and we changed them. You  can draw a straight line from those ill-advised policy decisions to  where we are as we speak.   Two million illegal immigrants will have been apprehended by the end  of this year, and those are just the ones that we caught. Oddly enough,  this is one issue that the mainstream media and conservative media  agree on.   Here are a few recent headlines. From CNN: ``12,000 migrants have  been waiting in makeshift camps under the Del Rio bridge in Texas.''  That is from CNN.   And this from the Daily Caller: ``Migrants Illegally Crossing U.S.- Mexico Border Thank''--they thank--President ``[Biden's]  Administration.''   Do those headlines sound like the southwest border is under control?   Here is another headline for you. In a remarkable about-face, the  Biden administration announced that it would reimplement the Trump-era  Remain in Mexico policy after doing away with it on election day. They  are going to reinstate it only because of a Federal judge. It is clear  President Biden could have prevented this border crisis if he had not  been focused on playing politics from his first day in office.   This is Biden's America.   How about the fact that President Biden didn't listen to the best  military advice his top commanders gave him when it came to withdrawing  troops in Afghanistan? America's best experts--GEN Mark Milley, GEN  Frank McKenzie, and GEN Scott Miller--all advised the President to keep  2,500 troops in Afghanistan to remain stable. Basically, at the end of  the day, this was a State Department and President's decision.   Instead, the President's strategy turned into billions in American  equipment handed over to the Taliban; our most valuable airfield,  Bagram--maybe one of the most valuable in the world--abandoned in dead  of the night; Americans left behind in enemy lines that are still  there; and a complete abandonment of our allies in Afghanistan. What a  disaster.    President Biden was more concerned about a good September 11 headline  than a great strategy, more concerned about his press than saving  American lives. The President's withdrawal will continue to be a stain  on his legacy. Joe Biden created the worst American military foreign  policy disaster in recent history, and the United States will be  haunted by this decision for many years to come.   Another fact about this is Biden's America: President Biden's  policies have undercut economic growth and derailed rapid recovery that  was taking place under the Trump administration. And this was even  during a pandemic.   Now prices are skyrocketing, businesses can't find people to work,  and the United States is facing an unprecedented disruption in the  supply chain. And this administration didn't know it was coming.   Incredibly, the White House and its defenders continue to say that  all of these deeply concerning realities are due to the fact that  President Biden has been so successful in his economic policy. They are  using the ``everything is so bad because President Biden is doing so  good'' argument. Where in the world are they getting that from?   This month, the President's own Chief of Staff promoted the idea that  inflation is only a ``high-class problem,'' the 1 percent. Where has  this guy been hiding? Try telling that to the middle-class families in  Alabama who are seeing hard-earned money cover less at the grocery  store and at the pump.   The fact is, prices are rising--not just for the wealthy but for  everybody. Consumer prices are at the highest point in 13 years, and  inflation is costing American taxpayers $175 a month. Somebody is  screwed up. Again, you can draw a straight line from the President's  decisions to where we are now. It is what happens when you pay people  to not rejoin the workforce, force vaccine mandates on workers, stifle  growth with regulations, and waste trillions and trillions of dollars  as our country attempts to recover from a pandemic.   And it will only get worse with this $3.5 trillion tax-and-spend  spree--not if when we raise taxes but when we raise taxes to pay for  this socialist package. The American people aren't going to buy into  it.   The fact is that this is Biden's America. His agenda has led to the  border crisis, foreign policy disasters, and a financial strain on  American families. This is Biden's America, where Democrats are focused  on finger-pointing and scoring political points instead of paying  attention to the cold, hard facts of their policy failures.   I yield the floor.   