 Madam Speaker, I want to thank my friend, Congressman  Estes, for hosting this tonight and for really doing this to further  the memory and legacy of Bob Dole.   Bob Dole's passing leaves a void for America. I think maybe it hits  those of us in Kansas especially hard, so I thank my friend for doing  this.   Madam Speaker, America has lost a statesman, a noble war hero, and a  service-minded Kansan who never forgot where he came from.   Senator Bob Dole died peacefully at the age of 98, leaving his  district, State, and country better off for his many contributions over  79 years of public life.   My prayers and gratitude for Senator Dole go out to his family.   In World War II, Bob Dole was struck in the back and nearly killed by  a German shell just months before the war ended. He described his  experience later in a 1987 speech as ``a sting in the shoulder,'' and  he said the first thing he thought about was his home, Russell, Kansas.   He was expected to die in the hospital, but he lived. He was told  that he would never recover from his injuries, which included paralysis  from the neck down, but his unquenchable spirit carried him through.   He simply refused to take no for an answer and chose to fight for his  life and recovery, the scars of which he carried with him for the rest  of his life. He was awarded two Purple Hearts and a Bronze Star for his  military service.   Before he became a United States Senator, Bob Dole was the  Congressman representing the Big First District of Kansas. After  serving in the House of Representatives for 8 years, Kansans sent him  to the United States Senate where he served for 27 years, acted as the  majority leader twice, and became his party's nominee for the highest  office in the land in 1996. It is inspiring and humbling to stand on  the shoulders of such greatness.   A few weeks ago, I was blessed to spend some time with Senator Dole.  His love for Kansas and her people were on full display in his excited  curiosity about our plans for the Big First. On that day, he was a  thoughtful, committed, and energetic champion for our Nation and our  way of life in rural Kansas.   He always treated others with respect and kindness, especially his  fellow veterans, as he attended nearly every Honor Flight that came to  D.C. to the World War II Memorial.   He was a fierce advocate for his political views, but he was equally  committed to cross-aisle friendship and camaraderie. In our meeting, he  spoke about his idea of the Kansas approach, the markers of which he  identified as honesty, hard work, respect for your roots, common sense,  service, simplicity, and genuine, thoughtful care for people.   I left our time together inspired and commissioned, as Senator Dole  made it clear we must never forget where we come from. He knew deep  down that the heartbeat of our Nation lies in places like his hometown  of Russell, Kansas.   I know we all are working actively for ways to honor Bob Dole's  legacy. One way is by supporting the McGovern-Dole International Food  for Education and Child Nutrition Program, which aims to address  childhood hunger, improve literacy, train teachers, and make the world  a better place for young people across the globe. The program is named  in part after Senator Dole to honor his work toward eliminating  childhood hunger. Earlier this year, I was proud to offer an  appropriations request for the McGovern-Dole program, and I look  forward to its continued success.   Yesterday, in another effort to honor his legacy, I introduced a  resolution to name the post office in Russell, Kansas, the Robert J.  Dole Memorial Post Office. I was quickly joined by my other colleagues  from Kansas.   Senator Dole stayed true to his roots in rural Kansas and embodied  its core values of faith, family, and freedom. Naming a post office  after one of Kansas' favorite sons in the town that he grew up in is a  small but meaningful way to pay tribute to this Kansas giant and  American hero. I look forward to this resolution's swift passage  commemorating the life of Senator Dole.   A few nights ago, I talked to my 8-year-old son, Austin, about  Senator Dole. After I finished sharing some stories about his life and  work, Austin said: Dad, I think God had a special plan for Bob Dole.   That is so true, and God had a special plan for all of us when he  gave Senator Dole the faith, values, longevity, and leadership platform  that he stewarded so well.   Madam Speaker, I want to close by quoting Senator Dole, who often  said: ``I offer a willingness to work hard, to hang tough, to go the  distance. I offer the strength and determination--molded in America's  small town heartland and tempered during a career of public service--to  bring commonsense answers to the complex problems facing America.''   Senator Dole's legacy will echo into the future, and his patriotic  spirit serves as a benchmark for anyone who believes that our brightest  days are yet to come.   Madam Speaker, I thank Senator Dole for working tirelessly to make  the world a better place. May he rest in peace.   