 Madam Speaker, for more than 2 weeks, we have seen  the horrors of repression taking place on the island of Cuba by the  communist regime.   Let me tell you, I am outraged that the Democratic majority refused  to make in order two amendments, bipartisan amendments, which I  cosponsored, that were led by two of my Democratic colleagues who, by  the way, are passionate about the cause of a free Cuba and the freedom  of the Cuban people.   The Murphy amendment would have provided an additional $7.5 million  in democratic assistance to support the free flow of information to the  island in this moment.   The Sires amendment would have provided an additional $15 million to  USAGM for the Office of Cuba Broadcasting, at a time when the Cuban  people had their internet cut.   They are struggling with this incredible oppression: getting  murdered, getting killed, getting dragged out of their homes. The fact  that we are inadequately funding radio broadcasting to the island is  hard to accept and hard to believe. It is disgraceful.   Now, while the Cuban people are risking everything for freedom, the  Democrat majority refused to allow these amendments to even be debated  here on the floor of the House.   I want to thank the Republican leadership and our Conference for  their steadfast support for years for the cause of a free Cuban.   But I want to thank those Democratic colleagues who are true  defenders of freedom in the cause of the Cuban people: Representatives  Murphy, Wasserman Schultz, and Sires, who fought hard to try to get  these amendments here on the floor.   As I stated in full committee, it is unconscionable that in this  moment when the Cubans are doing everything they can, and they have hit  the streets and they are getting bludgeoned and murdered and  imprisoned, that this majority would not even allow those amendments to  be heard on the floor of the House.   Madam Speaker, history will remember those who stood with the cause  of freedom, freedom for the Cuban people, and those who aligned  themselves with the oppressive murderous regime that represses them now  and for more than 62 years.   