 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    I rise today, Mr. President, to talk about the challenges  facing the cattle ranchers in my State and across the country,  challenges not just to their day-to-day operations but to their very  livelihoods, and I rise today to talk about what we can do about it.   I have a simple message: We can take action today that will work and  we can take action that will make a difference and we should take it  now.   The situation that faces our cattle ranchers in Missouri and around  the country, and, for that matter, many other livestock producers, is  very, very serious, and the situation is, frankly, untenable. Let me  tell you what I am talking about.   Just in the last year, the cost to consumers for beef has increased  by double digits. That is year-on-year, from 2019 to 2020, a double- digit increase. What has happened, though, to cattle ranchers, to those  who actually raise the beef, who raise the cattle, and then sell it to  market? The price for them, has it gone up? No, it has gone down. In  fact, over the last decade, cattle ranchers have seen their share of  profits decline by double digits.   So what is happening here? Cattle ranchers are getting less, much  less, in some instances--and, by the way, so are other producers of  livestock--and yet the cost to consumers is going up. Somebody is  getting wealthy in this transaction, and that ``somebody'' is the  packers, the processing companies.   In America today, our meat processing supply chain, equipment--the  entire apparatus--is owned by just a small handful of companies.   Here is what I am talking about: Four companies--four--together  control over 80 percent of this country's beef processing operations,  80 percent. Even more remarkably, three of the giant meatpacking  companies control 63 percent of pork producing, 46 of beef packing, 38  of poultry producing. That is just three of them. And two--two--are  based in Brazil and China. So you have got four major packers that  control 80 percent of the market, two of them based overseas.   This market concentration is squeezing out the farmers and the  ranchers. It is enriching the packers, and it is ultimately hurting  consumers. So I say, again, in this system, the only people who seem to  win are the monopolists. We have got to do something about it.   It is made even worse--the situation--by the fact that these same  monopoly packers have been found guilty or otherwise pled to criminal  violations, criminal uses of their monopoly status.   For example, Pilgrim's Pride, a subsidiary of a Brazilian-owned  company called JBS, received $107 million in criminal fines for price- fixing in chicken markets. JBS separately paid out at least three  multimillion-dollar settlements over the past year, while Smithfield,  which is owned by China, has paid $83 million to settle pork price- fixing allegations.   So here we have these monopoly companies, two of them foreign owned,  that are controlling the meat processing industry, controlling the  entire supply chain, squeezing American farmers and ranchers, raising  prices on consumers, and committing criminal violations while they do  it.   Now, many have called, including me, for antitrust investigations.  Some have called, including me, for antitrust prosecution. And I stand  behind those positions.   But I am here today to say that we must do more. And, specifically,  it is time for this administration, the Biden administration, to do  more because they have the tools to do so at their disposal.   Under Federal law, the Secretary of Agriculture, Tom Vilsack, has the  authority to refuse to provide or to withdraw inspection services from  any of these monopoly packers or anyone who is reasonably connected to  them who has been convicted of a felony or any other act or  circumstance that indicates a lack of integrity as it concerns public  health.   That is a broad grant of authority. What it means is that USDA could,  right now, begin to suspend the inspection services for these monopoly  companies, to say to these companies: We are not going to allow  inspections to go forward; we are not going to allow your production to  go forward until you come to the table and agree to resolve and desist  any criminal misconduct and to get a better deal to ranchers and  farmers across this country.   This authority is already existing under Federal law. I want to be  clear. It is already on the books. It is already provided for by  Federal statute. And our ranchers and our farmers need it to be used,  and they need it to be used now.   So, today, I am calling on the Secretary of Agriculture, Tom Vilsack,  to invoke these authorities, say to the major monopoly companies that  USDA  [[Page S5811]]  will suspend inspection services until they come to the table, until  they open their books, until our cattle ranchers and our farmers in  Missouri and across this country get relief.   I am making that request to the Secretary of Agriculture today. I  hope that he will act today because our farmers and our ranchers  deserve relief today, and they deserve our help and our support as they  work to protect the life that they lead, the life that is the backbone,  in many ways, of this country, and as they continue their noble work of  feeding the world.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   