 Madam President, it is a wonderful moment to be here with  my colleagues to acknowledge that in March we passed the biggest  reduction in poverty in generations in our country. That was through  the expansion of the child tax credit, which increased the credit, made  it payable on a  [[Page S9141]]  monthly basis, and, for the first time in American history, made it  fully refundable so the millions of children in this country who were  too poor to get the benefit of the credit because their families were  too poor would get the benefit of that credit. And we needed to do it.   The United States, before we passed this, was 38th out of 41  industrialized countries in the world when it came to childhood  poverty. The poorest generation in this country are our children, and I  think what we said was that there is no reason for us to accept those  outcomes or those numbers as a permanent feature of our economy or our  democracy. And in the end, this isn't about numbers. This is about  children all over our country and the future of the United States of  America.   Childhood poverty costs this country a trillion dollars a year, and  one of the things we decided was that maybe, instead of paying for the  effects of childhood poverty, we could actually begin to try to reduce  the amount of childhood poverty that exists in our country, the way  other countries around the world have already done it.   Nationally, the child tax credit, as I say, is cutting childhood  poverty in half. It is reducing hunger among families by a quarter. Let  that linger for a second.   When was the last time we were able to come to the floor of the  Senate and say we cut hunger in this country by a quarter? It has been  generations since anybody has been able to say that on this floor.   In Colorado, a million kids and their families are benefitting from  this credit. That is 90 percent of the kids in my State. It is 90  percent of the kids across the country. Parents in Colorado are getting  an average of $240 a month to pay for groceries, to help with the rent,  and, really importantly, to pay for a little extra childcare so people  can stay at work. And I know that because of what parents have told me  they are spending the money on.   When we first passed this credit back in June--I think it was then  that it first went into effect--July and August, people were getting  ready to go back to school, and I had mom after mom after mom across  the State tell me how important it was that they were able to buy  school clothes for their kids without bankrupting their family, for the  first time.   And, you know, all of this is the reflection of an economy that for  50 years has worked extremely well for the top 10 percent of Americans  and hasn't really worked for anybody else, and where the families who  come to see me in my townhall say: Michael, we are working really hard,  but no matter what we do, we can't afford some combination of housing,  healthcare, higher education, early childhood education, if we can even  find early childhood education or daycare.   We can't save. We feel like our families are going to live a more  diminished life than we did and that our kids will as well.   So I brought a few photos today to the floor to share some stories of  Coloradans with all of you and my colleagues.   This is April Pratt from El Paso County, and she lives there with her  three daughters, who are ages 8, 2\1/2\, and 1\1/2\.   When April was pregnant with her youngest daughter, her husband  tragically passed away. Now, she is the sole breadwinner for the  family. And although she works full-time at the local school, there is  not much left after her mortgage, diapers, and groceries for three  young kids. Let me just say that again. She works full-time.   Before the Child Tax Credit, April said she ``felt like I was having  a lot of anxiety every month about whether I was going to be able to  afford my bills. It was eating up a lot of my attention.''   Thanks to the child tax credit, April can afford the $1,200 a month  for childcare for her two youngest daughters so she can work--so she  can work. She said, ``If I wasn't able to afford childcare, I'd have to  quit my job.''   Without the child tax credit, April said that she would be ``forced  to use my credit card to fill in the gaps, and that debt just  accumulates and accumulates, and that becomes crippling, and my family  wouldn't be able to get ahead.'' She said it was ``nice that our  government is finally doing something to help working families and  middle-class families.''   Finally, after we have cut taxes for the wealthiest people in this  country by more than $5 trillion since 2001, we finally have a tax cut  for working families. We should be making it permanent.   This is Amberly Atencio, also from Colorado. She is here with her  three girls that are ages 9, 12, and 14. When I got to this place, my  daughters were 9, 7, and 4, so I have some appreciation for what she  has got on her hands.   They lived their entire lives in Monte Vista, a small town in  southwest Colorado in the San Luis Valley. And for the past 3 years,  Amberly has been working full-time and studying. And last week, she  graduated with her second associate's degree.   She works for a local health insurance company. And before the child  tax credit, her paycheck was the only source of income for her family.  She said that knowing that monthly support comes on the same day each  month helps her pay the rent and buy food. She said: ``I'm a single  parent. This is like heaven to me, knowing that I have that extra  income to provide for my children. . . . It has helped so much.''   Her daughters love sports--soccer, basketball, volleyball, and track.  But between the shorts, knee pads, cleats, shin guards, and fees, it  all adds up. And with the child tax credit, she has bought that  equipment for her daughters so they can play sports with their friends,  which means the world to them.   I had a mom who told me that she had bought a bike for her son and he  was able to take it to stay at school late to engage in afterschool  activities he otherwise wouldn't be able to do without that bike.   And, finally, here is Ayesha Bogart from Colorado Springs. Here is  another mom from the Springs with her three kids, aged 12, 13, and 23.  Ayesha served for 16 years as a medic in the U.S. Army and U.S. Army  Reserves. While she was on Active Duty, she was injured during a  training accident when her Humvee rolled over, and it left her with a  traumatic brain injury. Now, she is a single mom supporting three kids  all by herself. And before the child tax credit, she couldn't afford to  buy new shoes for her kids.   She said there were days when they didn't have shampoo at home and  her kids would get teased at school. Thanks to the child tax credit,  she bought her kids new pairs of shoes. She bought them school supplies  so they feel like they are on a level playing field with the other  children in their school. She said the child tax credit has given her  ``breathing room where there wasn't any before.''   I have heard stories like that all across the State of Colorado. This  is not an anecdotal reflection of people not working hard. All of these  people are working hard. It is hard work just to raise a child, much  less do the kind of jobs these folks are doing. And the economy has  worked really well for the top 10 percent, as I said, but hasn't really  worked for anybody else.   And what has Washington's response been time and time and time again?  To come here and cut taxes for the richest people in America and ignore  the needs of working people. That is what we have done since 2001, $8  trillion in tax cuts, almost all of which have gone to the wealthiest  people in this country.   And now, we have a tax cut for working people in an economy that has  not lifted them up the way it has lifted the people at the very top. We  are saying we don't have to accept childhood poverty as a permanent  feature of our economy or our democracy. We don't have to accept an  economy where it only grows for the wealthiest Americans. We don't have  to accept that Congress is only paying attention to special interests  and to the wealthiest Americans.   We can build an economy that includes everybody, that when it grows,  everybody benefits from it because the whole society benefits from this  as well. Childhood poverty costs this country $1 trillion a year. We  can't afford not to do it, which is why so many other countries in the  world have done this.   We can create opportunity for every American family and give every  child a chance to contribute to this economy and to our society. And I  believe it is fundamentally important to strengthening our democracy,  making sure we  [[Page S9142]]  have got something we are proud of to turn over to the next generation  of Americans.   That is why it is critical for us to extend this child tax credit, to  not allow it to lapse at the end of the year, and in my mind, make it  permanent. I would argue that we cannot afford not to.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   