 Mr. President, today the Senate is debating the  nomination of Deb Haaland, a Member of Congress, to serve as Secretary  of the Interior. If confirmed, she will be the first Native American  Cabinet member in U.S. history. This is a historic moment, and it  should be recognized.   I want to be very clear with you. Representative Haaland's policy  views and lack of substantive answers during her nomination hearing, in  my opinion, disqualify her for this job.   In May of 2019, Representative Haaland said unequivocally in an  interview with The Guardian: ``I am wholeheartedly against fracking and  drilling on public lands.'' On her campaign website, she stated she  wanted to ``keep fossil fuels in the ground.'' On the same site, she  pledged to ``vote against all new fossil fuel infrastructure,'' period.   I, along with many western Senators, have consistently opposed  nominees who hold such views, and in my opinion and the opinion of my  constituents, these views are extreme.   Representative Haaland's views aren't just statements; they are  backed up by legislation that she has cosponsored. As a Member of  Congress, she was a day-one cosponsor of the Green New Deal. Now we are  talking about destructive legislation that would not just overhaul  American energy but would impact almost every sector of society and  cause great harm to America's economy. That bill was so extreme that  when it was brought here to the Senate floor, it received no support.  None.   She also cosponsored legislation to provide permanent Federal  protections for the grizzly bear. I believe that legislation is also  extreme, and I will tell you why.   The legislation that she proposed as a Member of the House completely  disregards the scientific conclusions of the Bush administration, the  Obama administration, and the Trump administration. How many things can  we name that all three of those Presidents agreed upon? But the three  of them did. They all concluded--the Obama administration, the Bush  administration, and the Trump administration concluded that it was time  to take the grizzly bear off the endangered species list.   Both Democratic and Republican Interior Departments determined that  the grizzly bear was fully recovered, but Representative Haaland has  chosen instead to ignore the science and the scientists of the very  Department that she is now nominated to lead. Representative Haaland's  policy views are squarely at odds with the mission of the Department of  the Interior. That mission includes taking species off of an endangered  species list when they are recovered, and the grizzly bear is fully  recovered.   That Department also manages our Nation's oil, gas, and coal  resources and does it in a responsible manner, not eliminating access  to them completely.   Just as troubling as her policy views were her answers to questions  during the confirmation process. She struggled or refused to answer the  basic questions any nominee for the Department of the Interior would be  expected to know and answer. She was unwilling or unable to respond to  questions about the Department, about resource policy, and about the  laws that she was asked to implement.   I asked her why the Biden administration wouldn't just let energy  workers keep their jobs. She had no good answer.   American jobs are being sacrificed in the name of the Biden agenda,  and Representative Haaland wouldn't defend it--couldn't defend it.  Senator Risch had to ask her multiple times if she supported shutting  down the Keystone Pipeline before she admitted that she did. He then  asked her multiple times why she thought that was a good idea, and she  never really gave an answer.   Her written answers to the questions for the record were equally  vague and unacceptable. In one response to a question of mine, she  refused to acknowledge that the United States has higher environmental  standards for oil and for gas production than Russia or Nigeria--would  not acknowledge that.   The American people deserve straight answers from a potential  Secretary about the law, about the rules, and about the regulations  that are going to affect so many lives and livelihoods. She gave very  few of those at her nominating hearing and in her written responses.   Representative Haaland's extreme views, cosponsorship of catastrophic  [[Page S1488]]  legislation, and lack of responsiveness disqualify her from this  important position as Secretary of the Interior. If she is allowed to  implement her Green New Deal-inspired policies at the Department of the  Interior, the results for America's energy supply and economy will be  catastrophic.   So I cannot support and will not support her nomination, and I urge  other Senators also to vote against the nomination.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   