 Mr. President, I appreciate the opportunity to address the  body today about the bill we are to take up and debate and advance this  evening and about several different provisions that are of specific  concern and interest to me, to the residents of the State of Delaware,  and to our Nation.   Let me just remind all of us the moment that we are in. There are 26  million Americans who have been infected by COVID-19, a dread, deadly,  global pandemic, and 445,000 Americans have been killed so far in this  pandemic--far too many.   In my little home State of Delaware--just 900,000 people--we not too  long ago passed 1,000 deaths, and, like many other States, we are  racing to deliver vaccines and to address the economic and the human  wreckage of this pandemic and the recession caused by the bungled  mishandling of this pandemic by the now previous administration. I am  encouraged because there is also a positive number: 34 million  Americans have been vaccinated.    Delaware has been at the forefront of delivering vaccines quickly and  safely, and now with President Biden and his team at the helm, they are  pulling together the resources of our Nation--using the Defense  Production Act to deliver needed PPE, testing capabilities, and  vaccines to every corner of our country. They have a lot of work to do.  They are behind because of some of the failures of the past, but I am  excited by the promise of the future.   Yesterday, I had the honor of meeting with President Biden in the  Oval Office for an hour first thing in the morning, and we talked about  this pandemic and his plan, the American Rescue Plan, the $1.9 trillion  in badly needed relief that will touch almost every American family and  move us quickly out of this pandemic and back toward growth and  security, health and  [[Page S421]]  prosperity. And his determination, despite all the back-and-forth about  numbers--his determination, at the very core of what we do, is to keep  in mind the middle class of this country, the folks who have been  overlooked, underserved, and most disadvantaged. He is passionate about  seeing the ways in which this pandemic has revealed the deep inequities  in our country and making sure of how we respond to educational needs,  to housing needs, to transportation needs, and to healthcare needs,  that we combat the profound inequalities of our society and Build Back  Better.   As Senator Carper and I were sitting with President Biden, going over  $1,400 checks and this many months of unemployment extension and this  much for housing and homelessness or this much for transit, he said:  Wait, wait. Just remember at the end of the day, keep in your mind's  eye a family--a plumber and a teacher with two kids at home, one of  them laid off, desperately trying to pay their rent, trying to figure  out how to pay their bills, trying to figure out how they can keep a  roof over their kids' heads. Remember the people we are trying to help  and serve.   I am reminded of Mark from New Castle, who called my office to tell  me he had been laid off, and he was desperately afraid, that he was  struggling because he was fighting cancer, a health condition, and  fighting homelessness, concerned about losing his home. Fighting  housing and homelessness, combating homelessness and ensuring security  of housing has got to be at the center of how we respond to this  crisis.   Economist Mark Zandi says there is $57 billion in owed back rent  unpaid. One of the best things we have done as a body is to extend the  eviction moratorium that the CDC imposed last year. A key piece of the  bill we are taking up and debating is to ensure that more Americans  have an opportunity to safe, sanitary, decent, and affordable housing.  Before this pandemic, more than 17 million American households spent  more than half their money on rent or mortgage, unaffordable to any  household--those 17 million households stretched to their limits. The  pandemic has made the risk of eviction or foreclosure greater than  ever.   Some know my early years were spent working around issues of housing  and homelessness. I served with the National Coalition for the Homeless  in New York and in five other States around the country, staying in  homeless shelters in the late eighties, when homelessness was an  explosion, a crisis across this country that impacted families and  communities of all types and backgrounds.   People experiencing homelessness are particularly vulnerable to  COVID-19. Homeless individuals infected are twice as likely to be  hospitalized, four times as likely to need critical care, and three  times as likely to die.   In Delaware, on Martin Luther King Day, as part of a service project,  I got a chance to visit the Hope Center. The Hope Center used to be  known as the Sheraton. It was a hotel in foreclosure, and an innovative  county executive used some of the CARES Act money that we provided  federally to the State and local governments to buy it at auction and  to reopen it as a source of 192 emergency housing rooms that can have  up to 400 people in it. It was great to tour that center on Martin  Luther King Day, to be part of those delivering personal items and  material for those who are now resident at the Hope Center. But it is  just one of many examples of how Federal resources we provided last  year have been used creatively to help keep people in rental housing,  in emergency housing, or in their homes.   The CDC Federal eviction moratorium was extended in the bill we  passed in December, but it runs out in March; thus, the urgency of our  acting. And President Biden's American Rescue Plan includes $30 billion  in emergency rental assistance and $5 billion to prevent further  outbreaks of COVID-19 among America's homeless population. We need to  make this a key piece of this provision, an important part of this  bill, and it is my hope we can find support on both sides, but if we  don't, we must move forward.   Let me speak to two other topics before I yield the floor, if I  might.   Those of us on the East Coast, and my colleague from Maryland and my  colleague from New Jersey are certainly among them, travel by Amtrak  frequently. Before this pandemic, Amtrak carried a record 32 million  passengers just 2 years ago. But just like the airlines when the  pandemic hit, it lost the vast majority of their passengers. So, too,  did Amtrak and commuter rail all over our country. It has been a key  piece of our society, our competitiveness, our interconnectedness for  over a century, and there are millions who depend on it as their way to  commute up and down the East Coast corridor in particular.   My office recently heard from Ken Potts, the Delaware representative  for the Rail Passengers Association, about the urgent need for funding;  and, frankly, this is a warning notice for those of us who don't  realize that I-95, right as it goes through Wilmington, DE, is about to  be shut down for most of the next 2 years on a generational repair  project. There is going to be 100,000 people deterred off of the  highway, and hopefully onto rail, but only if it can keep running.   There are 1,200 furloughed Amtrak employees on the east coast and  other places around the country. Those are the folks I interact with on  the days when I commute from Wilmington to Washington. I get a chance  to talk to the staff, the conductors, the people who work at Union  Station or in Wilmington's Joe Biden Station. Twelve hundred furloughed  employees and families struggling, just like the airlines, every bit as  deserving of relief, and the budget resolution would allow for the $2  billion over the course of this pandemic that they need. We have  provided relief before. We need to provide relief in this bill and  going forward.   As I mentioned in my opening, getting the vaccine distributed as  quickly as possible is the most urgent thing before us. Last Saturday,  I had the chance to volunteer for several hours at a vaccination site  with Drs. Coker and Hockstein, put together at ENT & Allergy of  Delaware. They vaccinated over 150 people, and they had connected to  and reached out to some churches that I am familiar with and fond of-- Seeds of Greatness, Bethel AME.   But we are under pressure because there are new variants of this  virus emerging around the world. What viruses do is they mutate. Some  of you know there are new variants from South Africa, from Brazil, from  the UK that are more transmissive and, potentially, more deadly. So one  of the things we have to keep an eye on is that we cannot close  ourselves off from the world. Something that is missing from the  Republican proposal and that is urgently needed that is in the Biden  American Rescue Plan is $11 billion to help with global vaccination  relief.   I recently spoke with Strive Masiyiwa, a dear friend from Africa who  is leading the African Union's plans for how to vaccinate the 54  countries on the Continent of Africa Sure, the Russians have offered  their Sputnik vaccine, which was not fully and transparently developed  and tested. The Chinese are offering their vaccine. But what I believe  the developing world would welcome with open arms, if we would just  fund it and provide it, is the rapid scale-up, production, and  manufacturing in countries like South Africa, India, and elsewhere of  the tried, true, tested, scientifically sound vaccines made available  by Pfizer, by Johnson & Johnson, by Moderna, by the Western companies  like AstraZeneca and others that have shown that their vaccines are  safe.    The United States has long been a leader in world health. We have  inspired the world in the way in which we have brought our medical  advances, our scientific capability, and our humanitarian commitment to  the world. This should be another chapter in that long and great  history.   And we must remember that no one in this world is safe from this  pandemic until the entire world has been successfully vaccinated. If we  do not contribute to the global vaccine campaign of COVAX, if we do not  participate in the World Health Organization in meeting the needs of  the developing world, it will simply come back to the people of the  United States.   Of course, we must prioritize vaccinating our Nation, our people,  Delawareans. But just as Joe Biden in the Oval Office earlier this week  asked me to keep in my mind's eye that family sitting around a kitchen  table, worried, struggling with finances, with their  [[Page S422]]  health, with their future, we have to keep our eye on the horizon, on  having passenger rail available to recover when our country recovers,  on having housing and affordable housing options for families who are  struggling with homelessness, and our eye on the horizon of the  potential threat from the rest of the world of more dangerous variants,  which is why we need to contribute to a global campaign to ensure that  all of the world's people are safe from this pandemic.   Thank you for the opportunity to speak to these three connected  concerns, all of which touch on Delaware's families and our Nation.   I yield the floor.   