 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I wanted to talk a little bit about the  vote I just took here with regard to our Secretary of Agriculture,  Secretary Vilsack, who is now the new Secretary or on his way to  becoming the new Secretary.   You know, what I have tried to do when looking at nominees is I  typically kind of look at three different questions: Do they have  experience for the job, the experience necessary for the job, do they  have views that I believe will help the country and in particular help  my State, and do they care about the people they will be impacting? So  that is a bit of a three-part test.   I have tried to work with a lot of the new nominees in the Biden  administration. I voted for a number of them, most of them. As a matter  of fact, I introduced Secretary Austin at his confirmation hearing. I  got to know him many years ago when I was a marine and he was an Army  officer, a two-star general.   You know, I will say to my friends, colleagues, constituents back  home who say: Hey, Senator, you know, when the Trump administration put  forward their nominees, you usually had kind of a party-line vote.   A lot of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, my Democratic  friends, would vote no, no, no, no.   Why don't you do that?   Well, I don't think it is good for the country; that is why I don't  do that. I am against some but I have been supportive of many, and I am  not sure the way in which it worked with the previous administration  was best for our Nation.   So certainly Secretary Vilsack passes the first two parts of that  test I was talking about. Clearly he has the experience. He was the  Secretary of Ag for 8 years under President Obama and Vice President  Biden. Certainly he has views particularly with regard to farm country.  You saw the strong vote he had there with regard to helping the ag  sector. I am sure he is a patriot, of course. He cares about our  country. But it was the third question--does he care about the people  he will be impacting?--that I have had some serious hesitation on.   Mr. President, I will talk a little bit about, you know, a lot of our  different economies throughout the country. Our States have been hit  hard by this pandemic. I would say that my State's economy has been hit  really hard. When you look at what drives a lot of the Alaska economy:  the energy sector, oil, gas, mining, the tourism sector, the fisheries,  commercial fishery sector--I like to call Alaska the superpower of  seafood. Over 60 percent of all seafood harvested in America comes from  the waters of the great State of Alaska, the most sustainable, best  managed fishery probably in the world but a huge driver of our economy.   Also, there is the issue of access to our lands. Sixty-six percent of  Alaska is Federal land. We need access to help have a strong economy.  It is an issue that the Presiding Officer probably doesn't have to  worry about, being from Connecticut, but in Alaska, access to land is  huge.   In the last administration, we made a lot of progress on these issues  for our economy, on oil and gas, ANWR, the NPRA, access to those lands,  legislation by the Congress. Our tourism sector had been doing great.  Our commercial fishing sector had been doing great. We even made  progress on other access issues, like the Tongass, something that for  25 years Democrats and Republicans, whether Senators from Alaska,  whether Governors from Alaska, were trying to get access to those  lands. It is really important, and we were able to do that.   So there was progress, and then the pandemic that has hurt everybody.  It certainly hurt the energy sector. It certainly hurt, crushed the  tourism sector. Last year, Alaska was going to have 1.5 million people  show up in our State with regard to tourism, a new record just on the  cruise ships, but none of them showed up because of the pandemic. The  commercial fishing sector also has had a really rough time with this  pandemic--markets, international markets, markets domestically.   So I am very concerned about my State's economy, about working  families, and about the average Alaskan who is struggling right now.  The new policies put forward by this administration have been  shockingly negative as it relates to my State. One month in,  particularly in the energy sector, every day we are waking up to a new  edict saying: Men and women who produce energy in America, who produce  energy in Alaska, sorry, you are not favored anymore. You are not  viewed in a positive light anymore.   It is a real, real, real concern. Hundreds, if not thousands of jobs  in my State during a recession are at risk.   So these are some of the issues that I raised in my discussions with  Secretary Vilsack, in particular our commercial fishing sector.   In the previous administration, under the USDA, the Secretary of  Agriculture helped implement a new trade  [[Page S800]]  relief program for fishermen. Huge progress. Hugely important. Just the  way the farmers were getting this kind of relief with regard to trade  and markets that have been destroyed by the pandemic, the Secretary of  Agriculture undertook a new program for the farmers of the sea, for the  fishermen who are being negatively impacted the same way that our  farmers on the land were.   This is an issue that I raised with the Secretary on the importance  of moving forward, continuing that, and to be honest, there didn't seem  to be a lot of interest. I was kind of shocked, but there didn't seem  to be a lot of interest, and I was concerned. I am concerned.   Similarly, this progress we made with regard to the Tongass, access  to the largest national forest in the country that is under USDA  management--something Alaskans have been working on in a bipartisan way  for 25 years. There didn't seem to be a lot of interest from the  Secretary on that either.   So these are two issues hugely important to my State, hugely  important to my constituents, hugely important to try to get Alaska out  of a really deep recession where a lot of families are worried. And I  got the sense that the Secretary just wasn't that interested. I really  hope I am wrong. I really hope I am wrong.    So I plan on trying to work with him. You know, he had a strong, very  strong bipartisan vote, but every now and then, if you really think the  people you represent are not going to be given a lot of attention when  they need it, it becomes a harder vote. It becomes a harder vote. He  obviously has got strong bipartisan support, but I sure hope that when  he becomes Secretary of Agriculture, he cares as much about the farmers  of the sea, where we have made progress on, as he does about farmers on  the land. I didn't see that in my meeting with him and I hope I am  wrong and that is why I voted the way I did.   I also voted the way I did as it relates to this issue of access to  the Tongass. Again, it is a huge issue to my State, a very bipartisan  issue for my State. And, again, I hope that the Secretary and his team  look at it as something that can help the economy of Alaska while  protecting our environment, which, of course, we care about.   But these are the reasons that I voted the way I did, and I hope that  my concerns are going to be proved to be unfounded. I am going to  continue to advocate for my constituents in the way that I think is  going to be very important as we try and get through these challenging  times, particularly the Alaska Tongass.   I yield the floor.   