 Madam Speaker, I thank my very good friend, the  gentleman, Mr. Hern, of the great State of Oklahoma for yielding some  time to me this evening.   Madam Speaker, last year, we collectively spent $5.6 trillion of the  American taxpayer money for COVID relief and recovery and to create a  vaccine, all the while enormously increasing our debt, but we were in a  serious pandemic, a serious crisis.   Despite the effectiveness of this relief, the improving GDP and  productivity taking place in our economy, the Biden administration and  the Democrat Caucus passed the so-called rescue bill that was about  three times more expensive than anyone thought needed. This and other  erroneous policies set the stage for the havoc infecting our economy  today.   We have a serious workforce shortage, hyperinflation--high demand and  low supply--strong consumer purchasing but no ``Made in the USA'' goods  to fulfill that demand. This is the primary cause of the supply chain  bottleneck at our ports. Add to it this administration's not-so-subtle  attack on domestic energy production, and you have shortages and  inflation not seen since the 1970s.   Worse, it is not the high-earners or the well-off who are suffering  from the Biden administration's decisions, it is middle income, working  families and small businesses that are feeling the brunt of these ill- conceived ideas.   Madam Speaker, small businesses in Pennsylvania are breathless with  anxiety and concern. Literally, every day I have a phone call with  breathless constituents. They are rattled. Every one of them has a  ``Help Wanted'' sign hanging on their door, offering $20 an hour  plus while the cost of everything goes up daily.    What is the Biden administration's and the progressives in this House  answer?   Let's spend $3.5 trillion on programs that create more demand but do  nothing to increase productivity and the supply of American-made goods,  and then somehow calling it ``Building Back Better.''   I would think it would be called breaking backs better because that  is what it is doing--breaking the backs of hardworking Americans.   Madam Speaker, this defines the Biden administration and the  Democratic Caucus' economic strategy: Big taxes, big spending, big  government.   My constituents and I call it economic madness. We must defeat--not  reduce, but defeat--this economy-wrecking conciliation.   