 Madam Speaker, with respect to the rule and bills, if  someone were to devise a plan to intentionally destroy the great State  of Texas, they would do the following:   They would sabotage their sovereignty by opening its borders and  granting amnesty and citizenship.   They would steal the right to safeguard the integrity of their  elections.   They would strip the freedoms of both employees and employers by  forcing unionization of the workforce.   They would destroy its agriculture and energy economy by abusing  their regulatory authority and weaponizing the tax code in the name of  a politically manufactured climate crisis.   They would crush the most prosperous economy in the Nation under the  weight of the highest tax rates in the world.   They would quench the spirit of self-reliance.   They would diminish the dignity of work by trapping their citizens in  an endless cycle of government dependence and poverty.   And they would permanently plunder the freedom and independence of  the Lone Star State by saddling future generations with a debt they  could never repay.   While this legislation, Madam Speaker, may not have been written with  the intention of destroying the State of Texas, it is clear that should  these bills pass, that is exactly what it would do, and not only to my  great State but to the entire Nation.    Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from Louisiana for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, COVID was the excuse to bail out blue States poorly  managed and union pensions poorly managed. Our current recession has  been the excuse to pay people more to be on unemployment than to be at  work or to permanently expand the social welfare programs that were  supposed to be temporary and targeted.   The supposed climate crisis is the excuse for destroying our energy  independence. And if you listen to my colleagues' comments today, you  would think there was rampant voter suppression and a rise of racial  discrimination in voting. That is not true. That is  [[Page H4412]]  simply not true. It is divisive, and I would suggest that it is  dangerous for our country.   The real crisis, Madam Speaker, is America's confidence in the  integrity of our elections because elections are the backbone of our  democracy, and so we need to make sure we do everything to ensure a  free and fair process and an accurate outcome.   That is the responsibility, according to the Constitution, of the  States. We don't need Federal Government lawyers or the DOJ to be  weaponized against States' efforts to make these reforms with respect  to voter ID, mail-in ballot eligibility, and other integrity reform  measures.   Madam Speaker, let's stick to the Constitution. Let's uphold it.  Let's protect the States' right to secure and improve election  integrity for our citizens and our electoral process in this great  country.   