 Madam President, I thank my colleagues,  both Senator Collins and Senator Lankford, for their thoughts and their  comments and their words today because what we are talking about today  is not about simply a $3\1/2\ trillion spending bill.   We are talking about something more fundamental to what it means to  be an American. I am proud to be an American. I am proud to live in a  country where upward mobility is a reality; that we can, by hard work  and a strong education, change our fortunes in this country and not  only change it for ourselves but change it for the generations that  follow us.   As Senator Lankford talked about the three important ingredients of  escaping poverty, I will say that, as a kid who stumbled in high  school, who did not do well as a freshman, who did not see the  opportunities that America had available, who did not believe always  that there was a way that a poor kid in South Carolina could ever  escape poverty, I am thankful that I met a mentor and had a powerful  mom who believed in me in a way that I could not believe in myself.   I am thankful to live in a country where the American free enterprise  system provided a pathway forward, and if I could just see it and  believe it and work towards it, it was possible for me to achieve the  outcomes that we are sitting here trying to defend.   I am thankful that, as a kid who then finished high school, went on  to college, and experienced the American dream, that we are here  together to defend the American dream for the next generation. The  challenge, of course, is that when we look at the $3.5 trillion  package, it makes it harder for a kid trapped in poverty, as I was, to  find a path forward.   I will simply say that while we discuss this $3.5 trillion package,  the content of this package is more concerning than the cost of the  package. I am certain that someone on the other side will figure out  that taking 10 years of funding and making it 5 years of funding cuts  it from $3.5 trillion down to $1.75 trillion. I am confident that that  math is easy to do on either side. But I am not confident that we can  preserve the American dream in all of its glory if the content of this  package becomes law.   I think about how unfortunate it would be, in a nation that is  narrowly divided, 50-50, that we would find ourselves, because the  Democrats control the White House--there is a 50-50 split in the Senate  that requires the Vice President to break a tie and a five-seat  majority the Democrats have in the House. With those slim majorities,  they want to do something so fundamentally transformative that it  scares me for the future of the kids trapped in poverty all over  America.   I don't know how we will continue to be able to preach the good news  of economic opportunity and economic freedom when you are on the road  to socialism. The two are antithetical. They don't go in the same  direction. There is a fork in the road, and we as a nation have to  choose one. Unfortunately, the Democrats, who have the slimmest of  majorities, have the votes to fundamentally weaken the greatest  economic engine in world history through taxing and spending policies  that bring us so much closer to socialism.   The Democrats actually want you to believe what they say more than  what you see with your own eyes. You see, the breadcrumbs of this $3.5  trillion package can be seen by the level of inflation. If you put too  much money into the economy too quickly and the supply remains about  the same, it leads to inflation.   What inflation means to kids living in single-parent households and  to people living and working paycheck-to-paycheck, what inflation means  is, it means a tax. It means that even with a small, marginal increase  in your income, with the rate of inflation being over 5.5 percent, your  spending power goes down.   So when you pull up to the gas station, as I did and as so many  Americans do every single day to go to work, and you look at the price  per gallon, it is over $3 a gallon, which represents over a 40-percent  increase in the cost of gas. On a fixed income, as our Social Security  recipients and our golden Americans are, on people working paycheck to  paycheck, a 40-plus percent increase in the cost of gas deprives them  of some of the luxuries, the margins in their paychecks, and then stack  on top of that a 20-percent increase in the cost of your utilities.   It is impossible--impossible--to recognize the devastating impact  that the Biden inflation is having already on middle-income Americans,  on paycheck-to-paycheck Americans, people living in poverty, and  single-parent households.   But worse than the inflationary effect, which, of course, is a  precursor to the $3.5 trillion, is what the content does. Think about  this: In America today, if you write a check for $10,000, the IRS wants  to know who you are writing it to. Under this proposal, imagine, if you  will, the IRS spying on your bank account for every transaction over  $600. Imagine four tires--more than $600. So the IRS wants to know why  you are spending $600 on tires. Imagine if your engine runs hot and you  have to take your car in to get it checked--more than $600. Imagine  trying to find the money, scraping the resources together just to be  able to buy school clothes for your kids, and if you have a couple  kids, a couple pairs of shoes, pants--dresses are up 18 percent.  Imagine that $600 expense being taken out of your account, and the IRS  is looking into your account to see what you are spending the money on.   The content of this legislation is more dangerous than the amount of  the legislation. And I got to tell you, $3.5 trillion is pretty  dangerous, but more dangerous than the $3.5 trillion is having the IRS  empowered to take a look at every single transaction. Not only the  $600, but imagine doubling the number of IRS agents with the $80  billion in this package--doubling the number of agents to come take a  look at your family business, your family accounts. Destructive.   Go beyond that. Think about the average farmer in South Carolina who  spent their entire life farming and who has more land than money.  Because of this package and its impact on family businesses and family  farmers, because of the way they want to refigure the death tax or the  estate tax, as we say it when we are being polite in mixed company,  here is what it means: It means that you jeopardize the ability to pass  your family farm to the next generation.   This is not theoretical. You can talk to a farmer named Whit Player  from  [[Page S6723]]  Lee County or Monty Rast in St. Matthews, SC, who have been farming for  decades. Ask them about the impact of not being able to pass the family  farm or small business to the next generation.   Think about punishing the farmers and still providing a check for  $12,500 for someone making $800,000 a year to buy a luxury vehicle, an  electric vehicle. You are going to give them a tax credit even though  they make $800,000.   Imagine a part of the bill where union workers at an auto factory are  able to sell their cars with a $4,500 tax credit, but the Volvo workers  in South Carolina, the BMW workers in South Carolina who don't work at  a union factory--their cars don't get the $4,500 tax credit, embedding  a unique form of bias into this bill. It just doesn't feel right.  Restoring the tax credits for the State and local taxes for  millionaires and billionaires across this country and putting that  burden back on the backs of working people, middle-class working  people.   I won't even go into raising the corporate tax from 21 percent to 28  percent or 26.5 percent. I won't go into eliminating passthroughs for  small businesses, mom-and-pop businesses; a 20-percent increase because  they eliminate the 20-percent credit on their small businesses. I won't  get into that because we don't have enough time. I won't get into the  raising taxes on individuals. I won't get into the capital gains tax  going from 23.8 to 43.8. I won't get into all of that right now, but I  will say this: If the Democrats' plan succeeds, I fear for that  American dream that I am able to live right now. I fear that kids stuck  in poverty today will be stuck in a caste system of socialism tomorrow.   Madam President, thank you for your time, your patience. I am just  concerned about the greatest Nation ever designed in the history of the  world. Thank you.   