 Madam Speaker, in spite of the protestations of the  gentleman from Maryland that we heard earlier that this bogus,  fraudulently organized committee has a legislative purpose that is  legitimate, and he said it was self-preservation, but everything every  Democrat has said today is meant to attack one person, and that is  Donald Trump.    And so I am reminded of the case that gave us the long progeny of all  these cases that deal with legislative purpose in committees and  subpoenas, the Kilbourn case. In that case, the Court ruled the  congressional investigation unconstitutional because its real purpose  was not to consider legislative reforms, as the House has claimed, but  rather to investigate possible crimes by this citizen, a power only the  executive and judicial branches have the right to exercise.   That is what we see happening here today.   This committee is illegitimate. It has violated its own rules of  creation. It has violated its own rules of creation and it says they  want to find out this massive truth here about what happened on January  6. You can't have a committee to find out what happened because you are  interested. You can't do that. And that is what they are doing today.    Madam Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry.    I have several inquiries, if I might. I am not trying to  press. I am trying to understand.   The first one is did the Speaker and the Parliamentarian distinguish  or identify by the term ``author'' of the bill, ``maker'' of the bill,  or ``sponsor'' of the bill when making its ruling and determination in  this case?    Yes, I do. Thank you.    My question is regarding the determination that these  words were nonparliamentary. What is the extent of the protection of  the debate and speech clause, vis-a-vis, for instance, when we have had  a resolution to strip a Member of committee, another resolution to  strip a different Member of committee this year. And during the debate  of that we had all kinds of aspersions and comments, and if these  allegations, which were put forward by the gentleman from Pennsylvania  are accurate and can be defended, was that taken into account in both  the context and his terms, this taking into account, when you made the  determination that his speech was nonparliamentary.    I am not asking for an advisory opinion. I am asking what  you took into account with the Parliamentarian to determine that his  words were nonparliamentary. That is what I am asking. And I have given  you context and relationship of previous actions, and I have asked for  specifically how you limited the speech and debate clause here, and  whether the fact that he has documentation to prove his assertions or  not or whether they are relevant.    Thank you.   