 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the Hyde  amendment. For more than 40 years, Hyde enjoyed strong bipartisan  support, with both Republicans and Democrats agreeing that Americans  should never be forced to fund abortions with their hard-earned tax  dollars.   However, President Biden and my Democrat colleagues have now decided  to abolish this crucial protection. By eliminating the Hyde amendment  from their budget, they have disregarded the conscience rights of all  Americans and blatantly attacked the lives of the unborn.   As the father of five children and the grandfather of 17, I know just  how precious life is, and I will never stop fighting to protect the  Hyde amendment.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committees on Energy  and Commerce, Ways and Means, and the Judiciary be discharged from  further consideration of H.R. 18, and I ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman so much for having  the Special Order on freedom, on liberty, on constitutionalism, and our  God-given rights.   Thank you for what you have said there, Mr. Roy.   Madam Speaker, I am here tonight to highlight and amplify the  miraculous events that have happened less than 100 miles from U.S. soil  on the island of Cuba, news that, sadly, we haven't heard nearly enough  about.   After more than 60 years of oppression, injustice, and fear under a  Communist Party that enjoys opulent privileges while others struggle  just to survive, Cubans took to the streets shouting: ``Liberty'' and  ``Down with communism.''   And this wasn't just in Havana and the big cities. Renewed calls for  freedom were all across small villages and towns in the Cuban  countryside.   These brave protestors, many of them young people, knew their appeals  would be met with violence. They understood that they would be putting  themselves and their families at grave risk. They knew they would be  labeled enemies of the state, enemies of the revolution, and they would  be arrested or potentially even murdered.   Today, I would like to let each of my liberty-loving Cuban brothers  and sisters out there know that we hear you. I commend your astounding  courage, your thirst for freedom, and your desire for true justice in  Cuba.   We, as Americans, have a moral responsibility to support these  protests of Cuba's cruel Communist regime.   How can we continue to be ``the shining city upon a hill,'' as  President Reagan once eloquently said, if we do not help those who are  seeking the same divine right that our ancestors fought and died for in  the Revolution, the same rights that our Heavenly Father intended for  all people?   I think it is time for the reign of dictatorship and terror to come  to an end and for freedom and for liberty to take their rightful place.    Madam Speaker, at this time, I cannot answer in the  affirmative. I think our country is under grave attack, our liberties,  our freedoms, our constitutional rights, the Bill of Rights, the very  reasons that Samuel Adams and Dr. Joseph Warren, and all of those  Founders, like John Hancock, who started the movement that culminated  in the Revolutionary War and got us out from under the yoke of Great  Britain.   I will say this: I think what we are seeing today is, quite frankly,  a startling, unbelievable change of events that I never thought that I  would see in my entire lifetime, the assault on our God-given rights  that we are seeing today.   What Mr. Roy just said about drafting our daughters and what he just  mentioned and listening to our friends across the aisle over there  talking about the unfairness and the racism that is incumbent and  inherently in our election processes, their solution would be an  absolute violation of the U.S. Constitution.   I think it goes without saying that if you have to show an I.D. to  get into the White House or to get a loan or to do anything, really, of  any kind of nature as far as that is concerned, that we have to have  the ability to ask for a photo I.D. to ascertain whether you are,  indeed, that person that you are actually professing to be when you  come in and cast that vote.   So we hear a lot of talk. But I will tell you, it is just talk. When  you talk about freedom and liberties, we have to follow the  Constitution and God's law. That is what it has to be.   