 Madam President, Texas has always been a proud supporter  of an ``all of the above'' energy strategy. We are often recognized as  an oil and gas powerhouse, which we are, but most folks don't know that  we are the No. 1 producer of energy from wind, the No. 1 renewable  resource. In fact, we now produce one-quarter of all wind energy in the  United States. So if Texas were a country--and my friend from Vermont  may be interested in this--we would be the fifth largest wind energy  producer in the world.    And we don't have any plans of stopping there. We are  also making serious strides in energy innovation.   A couple of years ago, I visited the NET Power plant in La Porte, TX,  right outside of Houston. NET Power is significant because it has  developed a first-of-its-kind power system that generates affordable  zero-emissions electricity. Using their unique carbon capture  technology, they have taken natural gas, one of the most prevalent and  affordable energy sources, and made it emission-free. That is what  innovation can produce: emission-free electricity from natural gas.   As impressive as this project is, though, it is made even better by  the fact that it is not unique. Private companies are harnessing the  power of human ingenuity to make our most used energy sources emission- free. Earlier this year, for example, ExxonMobil announced a $100  billion carbon capture and storage project in the Houston area,  otherwise known as the energy capital of the world. This would create a  carbon capture innovation zone to significantly reduce carbon  emissions.   ExxonMobil estimates this project has the potential to store up to  100 million metric tons of carbon per year by the year 2040. A decade  later, Houston could be carbon-neutral.   These kind of developments, I think, are incredibly exciting, and  they showcase, once again, the power of innovation not by the  government but by the private sector.   If we are able to reduce emissions without harming our energy  security, raising taxes, killing high-paying jobs, or driving up costs  to consumers on a fixed income, why wouldn't we? Breakneck changes in  technology have fueled our economy, propelled the communications  sector, and completely transformed our daily lives.   It is time to harness American ingenuity to revolutionize the energy  sector. Smart policies can't prioritize only conservation,  productivity, or economic power. We need to strike a balance of all  three. You are simply not going to achieve the balance by imposing  heavy-handed regulations or making it more expensive. Unfortunately,  that seems to be exactly the path our Democratic colleagues in the  Finance Committee want to take.   Over the last couple of years, we have seen no shortage of  unrealistic and downright harmful policies that are advocated for in  the name of reducing carbon emissions. Some of our colleagues have  proposed everything from the socialist paradise that is the Green New  Deal to a more targeted but no more realistic net zero emissions bill.   Tomorrow, as I suggested, the Finance Committee will mark up the  latest proposal, legislation introduced by Chairman Wyden known by the  innocuous name of the Clean Energy for America Act. But the bill is  anything but innocuous. The bill proposes a complete overhaul of the  energy tax code to finance the full gamut of clean energy policies. At  its core, though, it is an anti-fossil fuel bill.   Given the fact that more than 60 percent of our electricity is  generated by fossil fuels, that strikes me as a pretty radical position  to take. This proposal uses a variety of tax increases to place a  squeeze on fossil fuel producers and to push America toward renewables,  which accounted for no less than 20 percent of our energy production  last year. In other words, they want to push us into the renewable  space that only accounted for 20 percent of our energy production-- completely unrealistic   This proposal would drive up costs for American energy producers and  consumers, who would be the ones ultimately footing the bill. Namely,  senior citizens and those on fixed incomes would be the ones hurt the  most.   I also have serious concerns about how this dramatic shift would  impact our energy security. The higher cost of domestic oil would, once  again, make the United States rely on countries like Russia, Iran, and  Venezuela for our energy needs, and obviously we can all see the  dangers that would produce.   Our friend John McCain aptly described Russia at one time as ``a gas  station masquerading as a country.'' Well, that was pretty funny, but  it is also pretty accurate. Having the United States and our other  allies over a barrel because of lack of energy diversification and  domestic production gives them a lot of power--and too much power.   We know what it has been like for recent decades before we became  more self-sufficient when it came to energy production. I remember,  back in 1980, Jimmy Carter famously issued the Carter doctrine after  the Soviets invaded Afghanistan. He suggested that if anyone, any  country, any adversary of the United States were to blockade the Strait  of Hormuz, it would be an act of war because the oil that flowed  through the Strait of Hormuz was essential for our national security  and our economy.   So why in the world would we want to return to those bad old days  when we were dependent on imported energy? Well, this issue was further  underscored in 2009, when Russia effectively turned off the gas in  Ukraine for almost 3 weeks. This affected at least 10 countries in  Europe whose natural gas flowed through that pipeline in Ukraine.   If these tax hikes slowly strangle U.S. energy companies, we could  end up in the same position: dependent on others for our basic energy  needs. After years of building our energy independence and  strengthening our energy security, now is not the time to turn back the  clock. We simply should not put ourselves in a position where we are  reliant on any other country, let alone our adversaries, to keep our  lights on and to keep our economy humming.   And the consequences don't stop there. Beyond harming our energy  security, the legislation that the Finance Committee will consider  tomorrow would kill countless high-paying jobs. It would weaken our  global competitiveness and reverse the economic gains we have made  because of a thriving oil and gas industry. And that is just scratching  the surface of this misguided bill.   One of the most outrageous provisions, though, is the electric  vehicle tax credit proposal. We all know that out of the 280 million  cars on the road in America, the vast majority of Americans drive cars  that run on gas or diesel. When they fill up their tank at the gas  station, they pay a user fee, or a tax, on every gallon they buy. Some  of that money goes into the highway trust fund, the pot of money that  pays to build and repair the roads and bridges we drive on every day.  As we all know, though, the highway trust fund is in dire straits.  Unless something changes, the shortfall over the next decade is  expected to be nearly $200 billion.   Those who drive electric cars don't buy gasoline, obviously. They  don't contribute to the highway trust fund. They don't pay anything to  drive on the roads and bridges every other American has to pay for and  ultimately subsidizes.   The proposal by the chairman of the Finance Committee doubles down on  this problem and makes Americans do even more to subsidize the pricey  electric vehicles owned by wealthy consumers. This legislation extends  electric vehicle incentives, which will come at the cost of other  taxpayers, without addressing the fact that electric vehicles are  already driving on taxpayer-funded roads virtually free of charge. This  is incredibly expensive and benefits only a limited group of wealthy  Americans.   Let's compare the cost of this program to the carbon capture projects  I mentioned. Current electric vehicle subsidies equate to spending  about $455 for every ton of CO2 that is reduced. As a  reminder, this applies only to emission reduction for cars. Electric  vehicle subsidies have zero bearing on the carbon emission of the  manufacturing sector, power generation, or other emission-intensive  industries.   Carbon capture and storage, like the ExxonMobil project I mentioned  earlier, can apply to virtually every source of emissions and at a much  [[Page S3401]]  lower cost. CO2 can be abated for $100 to $200 per ton. That  is less than half the price of an electric vehicle subsidy.   I support efforts to reduce carbon emissions to preserve our air,  land, and water for future generations, but those efforts don't have to  come at this sort of exorbitant price. You can support all energy  sectors and innovation and conservation. These are not mutually  exclusive.   One great example is a bill I introduced called the LEADING Act,  which was signed into law last year. This legislation incentivizes the  research and development of carbon capture technology for natural gas  and innovation in the energy industry at large. That is how we can keep  costs down for taxpayers and maintain this revolution in the energy  sector.   So I will continue to push back on efforts to weaken our energy  independence and harm our economy in pursuit of arbitrary goals. There  is simply no reason to stick taxpayers with the bill for these  unnecessary policies when there are better commonsense ways to promote  both innovation and conservation.   