 Madam President, America has seen a number of  horrendous financial crises before, but none that have so quickly  developed as the fiscal crisis this White House created with trillions  of dollars' worth of drunken spending and tax proposals in just the  first 7 months of control.   The most glaring, almost parody-level, example is the  administration's $3.5 trillion and growing, newly labeled, human  infrastructure package, which is nothing more than a rosy-sounding  title for socialism.   The results of these radical tax-and-spending policies, what are  they? A sluggish economy, inflation, and one of the most dramatic  expansions of the welfare state in recent history. Recently, the  Department of Labor reported that consumer prices climbed for the third  straight month, jumping 5 percent in June, the largest increase in 13  years.   Every day, we see inflation impacting hard-working Americans. In  fact, this past weekend, we held five townhall meetings in Kansas, and  thanks to this administration's economic policies, runaway inflation  has replaced COVID at the top of the mountain of concerns for people of  my home State.   In Kansas, we are paying more than $1 more per gallon at the gas  pump, 40 cents more per gallon of milk, and almost 20 percent more for  a home than we were at this time last year. While wages have increased,  inflation continues to outpace them by more than two-to-one. I have  heard loudly and clearly the concerns from Kansans, and especially from  small business owners, the backbone of our economy, about the impact of  the Democrats' reckless summer tax-and-spending spree.   One tax proposal, the elimination of stepped-up basis, would be  devastating to small businesses and family farms, as that provision  allows them to hand down their family business from one generation to  the next without paying a costly tax burden.   Under the administration's plan, the average farmer would have a new  tax obligation of nearly a quarter of a million dollars, as cropland  values in Kansas have risen 220 percent since 1997, not to mention the  economy-killing policy of eliminating 1031 exchanges and taxing capital  gains at ordinary income levels.   On the spending front, this administration continues to pursue  unsustainable and irresponsible spending policies that are actually  ruining our economic recovery. Further, they want to increase the debt  limit without implementing any spending reforms. This is going to crush  our children and grandchildren, leaving their generation to pay for the  social sins of this generation.  [[Page S5127]]    Instead of getting our fiscal house in order and curbing back on  massive government spending, this administration and Democrats in  Congress are working to pass trillions more in reckless spending under  the guise of infrastructure.   Pre-COVID, we had the greatest economy in my lifetime. That came  about because we lowered people's taxes, we lowered regulations, and we  lowered energy prices. We need smart, targeted investments, not radical  spending that leaves this country at a disadvantage and kills jobs.   I yield the floor.   