 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, the Senate will soon vote on the nomination  of California Attorney General Xavier Becerra to lead the Department of  Health and Human Services. Moving this nomination forward required an  additional procedural step and more floor debate than others, so I will  make just a few quick points this afternoon.   First, in our lifetime, America has never faced a greater public  health challenge than the pandemic we face today. The Department of  Health and Human Services is our point Agency, the leading Agency to  coordinate the effort to end the pandemic as soon as possible. Right  now, for example, it is coordinating the distribution of vaccines. It  is working to get PPE, the critical protective equipment, into the  hands of nurses and doctors and all those providers who desperately  need more of it. The Department supports rural hospitals to keep them  afloat so that rural patients have access to care.   The Department's work includes the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid  Services, the Centers for Disease Control, the National Institutes of  Health, the National Guard, all 50 States and the District of Columbia,  as well as private healthcare systems, doctors, and many individuals  across the country.   The American people, we all know, are ready for this pandemic to end.  They certainly understand that having a person to coordinate the  critical efforts of the Department of Health and Human Services  confirmed and on the job is part of that effort. There simply is no  argument for delaying this confirmation any longer.   Attorney General Becerra has the right leadership experience and the  right health policy experience to succeed in this critical job. He  currently heads the Nation's second largest department of justice. He  is in charge of a billion-dollar budget and more than 4,000 employees.  He is the top law enforcement official in what would be the fifth  largest economy in the world.   In terms of health policy, which is in the area I try to specialize  in, I can tell Senators that Xavier Becerra has spent years and years  on these issues at the Ways and Means Committee, the key committee in  the other body with jurisdiction over healthcare. He has been through  major policy debates, including the Affordable Care Act. As  California's attorney general, he defended the act in court.   When the pandemic hit, he fought to protect the health and well-being  of all Californians, particularly nurses and doctors and those workers  who found themselves in harm's way.   Attorney General Becerra has the health policy savvy and the  leadership savvy and the experience in both areas to run this  Department, no question about it.   Attorney General Becerra made it clear to members of the Finance  Committee that he will follow the law. Quaint idea. He said it again  and again in response to a barrage of questions. He is going to be  accessible to Senators. He is going to work to find common ground on  key healthcare issues. I was glad he said it because that is heavy  lifting. Most of the time, that is really all you can ask of nominees  of the other party.   Healthcare is oftentimes a divisive subject. I think every Senator  understands that. It is particularly true when it comes to women's  healthcare. But it is clear to me that Attorney General Becerra wants  to bring the two sides together. That is a great place to start after  the last 4 years of knockdown, drag-out battles over healthcare issues  that clearly took America in the wrong direction.   I am going to close with just one thought about why this position is  so important. I don't know of any prospect more unifying among  Americans than ending the pandemic and getting life back to normal as  quickly as possible. Parents want their kids back in school.  Grandparents want to hug their grandkids. Everybody wants to feel safe  and get out in their communities.   Getting our country to that point is the essence of what this job is  all about. Heading the Department of Health and Human Services focuses  exactly on those things people want to have the country come together  on. But we need to come together to beat the pandemic, and the  Department needs its leader confirmed and on the job now.   I was pleased that there was bipartisan support for discharging  Attorney General Becerra's nomination from the Finance Committee. I  hope the Senate gives his nomination bipartisan support once again when  it is time to vote on his confirmation.   I look forward to working with him in the months and years to come.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, reserving the right to object.    Madam President, today the Republicans are showing some  real chutzpa.   On this issue, Republicans were for it before they were against it.  Today, they claim to want to target prisoners. The real harm they are  doing is to innocent children and families.   I object.   