 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here on the floor this afternoon to  talk about the economy, how to get it on the right track and  particularly how to deal with the jobs crisis we face right now. It is  a different kind of crisis than we normally talk about. There are a lot  of jobs open, and the workers who are needed are not coming forward.  Washington needs to change direction to get the economy on the right  track.   Current law provides that at least until Labor Day--that is in  September of this year--there will be a Federal supplemental payment of  $300 per week added to the State unemployment benefit. So if somebody  is on unemployment insurance, they will get their normal State benefit,  which in Ohio is about half of whatever your income was, but on top of  that, now there is a $300 Federal supplement. It was put in place  during COVID-19, but it continues until at least September.   By doing so, adding that $300, it nearly doubles the unemployment  insurance benefit, on average. It also results in about 42 percent of  those people who are on unemployment insurance making more on UI than  they were making at work. It has the effect of, in most States, more  than doubling the amount of unemployment insurance, and it also doubles  the minimum wage. So you can imagine why this is a disincentive for  some people to go back to work, if they can make more not working.   On top of that, Democrats here in Congress, during the COVID  legislation, added another benefit to people on unemployment insurance  compared to people who are working, and that is to say that your first  $10,000 of unemployment insurance is tax-free. So if you are a  truckdriver making 35,000, 40,000 bucks a year, you don't get that tax  benefit, but if you are on unemployment insurance, you do get that  benefit--again, another disincentive to go back to work.   People are logical. If the government is going to pay you more not to  work than to work, it creates a problem. And you can see that problem.  We have a record number of job openings right now; 8.1 million jobs are  open in America today.   The economic recovery we all are looking forward to is being hampered  by what? A lack of workers. If you go down your Main Street wherever  you live, you will see the ``help wanted'' signs up. If you go by your  restaurants, you will see, instead of the marquees saying ``Come and  check out our great apple pie or our hamburgers,'' they say ``We are  paying signing bonuses''--$500, $250. I went by a Frisch's Big Boy on  the way to the airport on Monday, and that is what I saw--McDonald's  offering a $500 bonus.   There are manufacturers I know in the State of Ohio I represent  offering much more in terms of signing bonuses. I talked to a woman  last week, who is a friend of mine, who runs a manufacturing company, a  great little company, which has about 200, 250 employees. She is  looking for 60 people right now. She is offering a $1,000 signing bonus  plus other incentives, benefits, to be able to come to work, and she  can't get people to show up to apply for work. So this is a real  problem in terms of our interest in getting this economic recovery  going.   It is time to stop this extraordinary Federal unemployment  supplement. By keeping in place this $300 per week on top of this UI  benefit and not taxing that benefit, President Biden and my colleagues  on the other side of the aisle are putting us in a tough position and,  I think, on the verge of a real jobs crisis because some of these jobs  will end up going away, some permanently, if we don't do something  about it.   I believe the Federal unemployment insurance was necessary, the  Federal supplement, when we were at the heat of the COVID-19 crisis-- let's say a year ago now. People were losing their jobs through no  fault of their own. Their businesses were shutting down, in part  because the government was putting in place social distancing  guidelines or otherwise saying that businesses had to temporarily  close. A lot of people lost their jobs.   In my view, Congress rightly put in place expanded unemployment  benefits to help those families get by when the economy was largely  shut down, but we are in an entirely different place now, entirely  different place. Again, 8.1 million jobs are open right now. It is a  historic time. We have never had this many jobs open in America.   Thanks to the hard work of a lot of our researchers and scientists,  this vaccine has gotten out there at record pace. We now have had  vaccinations at levels that we had all hoped for earlier. As a result,  with more than half of Americans already having had one vaccination--in  my State of Ohio, it is even better than that--restrictions are easing,  and businesses are opening up, fully open again. In my home State of  Ohio, there is no longer a mask mandate. Here in the U.S. Senate is an  example. Things are opening up. With that reopening, again, comes all  these job openings that can't be filled.   The economic recovery you would expect right now is not happening  because people are not getting back to work.   We just had the jobs numbers from last month. The country added  266,000 jobs in April. This was alarming because it was only one- quarter of what the economists predicted, only 25 percent of what  people predicted. It is an early warning sign that should not be  ignored.   These disappointing monthly job reports typically tell bad news on  two fronts. One is that there haven't been as many new jobs added as  you would want, and that is certainly true.   But second, it says there are not enough available jobs out there.  There  [[Page S2567]]  aren't enough open jobs out there. That is not the problem now.  Adequate number of jobs is not the problem. The jobs are available. But  if the President and Congress don't change course, that could become a  problem. If steps aren't taken to dismantle some of the disincentives  to work, some of these record number of available jobs we talked about  are going to go away.   Let me give an example. There is a restaurant called Geordie's in  Columbus, OH. They have closed down. Geordie's is closed down. They  can't find workers. That is the reason. The owner was quoted as saying  something like: You know, COVID-19 didn't take me down. He got the PPP  loan. He kept going, and he struggled through, and he was staying open.  He said: My own government has taken me down, because he can't compete  with unemployment insurance at that level.   We have lots of other businesses in Ohio. Here are some. Your Pizza  Shop, Muddy's, Donatos--all in Wooster, OH--have told me that they are  closing down 1 day a week or more because they are understaffed. Facing  no alternative, other businesses are figuring out ways to permanently  move forward with fewer employees.   This concerns me. In some cases, they tell me they are just  downsizing their business. If you can't find those 60 employees and you  are the manufacturer right now, what do you do? You are restricting  your business. You are not opening new markets, and you are closing  down maybe even some existing customers because you can't serve them.  So these jobs are going. Others are figuring out ways to do it with  fewer people. Again, some might say that is a good thing--using  technology and using automation to displace workers. I don't think it  is a good thing. I would rather have more people working. That is what  they want, too, but they can't afford it, so they are going to more  automation, they tell me, going to anything they can do to do it with  fewer workers.   This is a problem, and again, Washington is creating this problem.  Why would we do that? Again, I understood it and supported it when we  had the COVID-19 crisis. People were losing their jobs through no fault  of their own. But the opposite is happening now.   We have to change gears. We are at a crossroads. We can continue to  have this economy stagnate, continue to hurt working families, or we  can get people back to work and create robust and sustained economic  growth.   I would take the $300 a week, by the way, and shift it to a 6-week  temporary bonus of $100 a week to go to work, a work bonus. You could  do that immediately even while keeping the $300 in place for a short  period of time because, right away, you could help people to get back  to work. It would happen.   By the way, some States have decided on their own just to get rid of  the $300 because they know it is not working for the small businesses;  it is not working for the economy; it is not working for individuals  who are not getting back to their career track, who are losing training  and losing the ability to keep up with what is going on at work because  they are, again, given this disincentive to go back.   It is working. There was a hotel, I am told, in the first State that  decided to do this, which was Montana--did it about 2 weeks ago--a  hotel where they were offering every week to hire more employees. They  were looking for more employees. They were getting 1 person a week to  show up; last week, 60 people--60 people--because they are not offering  the $300 anymore. They are giving the money back.   The Biden administration, as you know, would like to spend a lot more  money on a lot of different things--that totals about $6 trillion when  you add it all up--to prime the pump, more stimulus, get the country  back to work, as they say.   What has happened is, a lot of this stimulus money, particularly in  the $1.9 trillion COVID package, has overheated the economy--and you  can see it in the higher inflation numbers--which is what a lot of  people predicted, including Democratic economists and former Secretary  of Treasury Larry Summers. A lot of us on the Republican side were  concerned about this. Well, it is happening. And we are seeing more and  more proposals for more and more stimulus. Inflation is not what we  need.   By the way, that spending of $6 trillion is about six times what the  government spent during the New Deal in the 1930s, and that is  inflation-adjusted. I mean, this is a lot of money.   Instead, what we ought to do is help get people back to work and  encourage them and let this economy grow on its own, which it is going  to do. During the COVID-19 discussion, the Congressional Budget  Office--a nonpartisan group here in Washington and Congress--told us  that the economy is going to recover to its pre-COVID level by midyear  if we do nothing, no more stimulus. Yet people insisted on more and  more stimulus, and we can see what is happening.   Part of that stimulus, part of that spending, was this $300 until  Labor Day, $300 week per week in expanded unemployment benefits from  the Federal Government, on top of the fact that you don't get taxed on  your first $10,000. Again, that $300 is on top of whatever the State  benefit is.   Are there other factors that are leading to this labor problem we  have now in our country? I think there are. I think there are. One is  that we have a situation now where some people just can't afford  childcare. So they are not only getting more money on unemployment,  perhaps, than they are getting at work; if they go to work, they have  to pay for childcare. And childcare is too expensive, and I would like  to work on that.   One of the reasons, we are hearing, is that schools are not open, so  they have to use childcare because their kids are not in school. With  only 54 percent of K-8 schools actually being open today--that is the  latest number we have--that is a real problem. Again, that is one we  can solve. The CDC is playing a role in that by saying: Get the kids  back to school. They can do so safely. There certainly should not be  any reason for this now, given the fact that so many people have been  vaccinated and, thank goodness, the infection levels are going down so  much.   So I know that is an issue. Childcare is an issue.   The other issue, I think, that we have to know is that some people  are concerned about still getting infected at work and what the virus  might, you know, lead to in terms of an unsafe workplace. But I will  tell you, that concern is a lot less now. Again, so many people have  been vaccinated, and the CDC again has responded to that and said: You  can have a safe workplace. You can have a safe school. It is not hard  to do.   So let's get back to work, and particularly, let's deal with this  unemployment insurance issue because that is the main reason people are  not returning to work, I am told by the employers out there With more  than 40 percent of workers making more with unemployment insurance and  that supplement than they would in their jobs, businesses just can't  compete.    Think how tragic this is. A small business owner works tirelessly to  keep the lights on through COVID-19--again, maybe uses the PPP or  otherwise and stays in business--and finally, after more than a year,  reaches a point where the virus is in retreat--we are doing all the  things we should be doing to make our workplaces safe--and now they  might have to close because they just can't find people to work.   The same story is being told all over the country and certainly all  over my State. Again, this is why 21 States now, as of this afternoon,  including my home State of Ohio, have decided to give the $300 back.  But we shouldn't, here in Washington, continue to provide that $300 to  everybody else.   Governors in these States understand that encouraging workers to  return to the job market is essential to the economy, but it is also  good for the workforce to get back to work, get back to what happens  when you go to work, which is you have that sense of fulfillment, that  dignity and self-respect that come with work, and you are keeping up  with whatever the technological changes at work are and getting back on  your career track.   Guidance from the Biden administration, the CDC, says we can move  forward with getting back to normal. It is time for President Biden to  follow that advice and to end the disincentive to work that is holding  back the economic recovery.   These are simple steps we can take. Again, I would do a $100 bonus to  go  [[Page S2568]]  back to work for 6 weeks. But the most important thing is to end the  $300 and to let people once again have the opportunity to pursue their  American dream, which is not unemployment; it is getting a job. With  8.1 million jobs being offered--a historic number, the most ever--it is  time to make that change.   I urge my colleagues and I urge the administration to change course.   I yield back my time.   