 Mr. President, I rise today to honor and celebrate the  outstanding legacy of my dear friend Dean Cox. His enduring commitment  to public service over the course of his life and his consequential  career are worthy of the highest praise.   Many Utahns knew Dean as an accomplished Washington County  commissioner, but those closest to him knew him as a loving friend, a  neighbor, dad, grandfather, and husband, who devoted his life to  helping others.   With Dean's passing, Washington County has lost one of its finest  public servants. Dean's legacy reminds us that the most reliable path  to success in public and private life is marked by an unwavering  dedication to principle and compassion.   With people from across our State, we extend our deepest sympathy to  his family and his loved ones. He is a man we will miss very, very  much.   Dean's lifetime of public service in Washington County and across  southern Utah cements his reputation as an indispensable expert on a  wide range of vital services for first responders, businesses, and  State and local governments.   A true son of southern Utah, Dean was raised on the family pasture by  his veteran father and caring mother in St. George. Throughout his  youth, Dean learned how to fix just about anything in his father's  garage and mechanic's shop, mastering his trade craft in Bob's Garage.   The course of his life would, however, change while attending Brigham  Young  [[Page S4849]]  University. There, he would meet the love of his life, LaRene Leavitt,  and the two would soon dedicate their lives to raising their four  children at their home in St. George.   Dean and his brother decided to purchase Bob's Garage and carry on  the family tradition. Their shop--renamed Colorland Sales and Service-- was not only a successful small business, but it allowed Dean the  opportunity to pass along the skills he had learned from his dad to his  own children as well.   Dean's career in public service began as a volunteer emergency  responder in Washington County. As a stellar radio operator and  licensed pilot since the age of 19, Dean's emergency coordination  efforts through major disaster responses and other trials earned him  experience and admiration from the communities he protected.   Impressed by his years of excellent service, Washington County  offered Dean the critical role of county administrator, where he  executed the policies set forth by the county commission. Then when a  seat on the commission became available, Dean was encouraged to join  the race. His candidacy was backed by three decades of local knowledge,  by his expertise and broad popularity within the community.   Victorious, Dean then became the decisionmaker. Without a doubt, the  hallmark of Commissioner Cox's legacy is his successful breakthrough in  securing approval for the Northern Corridor project. His pragmatism and  willingness to reach compromise was the key to resolving long-held  disagreements between disparate parties. His efforts yielded a win for  the transportation needs of the Nation's fastest growing State and a  win for the wildlife conservation of its most beautiful.   Last year, 80 percent of his constituents reelected Dean Cox to be  their Commissioner--80 percent. Despite this incredible achievement,  illness would tragically force Dean to receive hospital care, including  chemotherapy. To his character, Dean continued to serve while  undergoing this treatment.   He passed away surrounded by loved ones, and he is survived by his  loving family: his wife, LaRene; his son Jeffery, and Tanna, Matthew,  Keira, and Camille; his daughter Elisa, and Quinten, Ethan, Anna, and  Audrey; his daughter Kristen, and Thomas, Kate, Jonas, and Hailey; his  son Edward, and Karen, Emery, and Everett.   At every step of Dean's remarkable career, his sweetheart LaRene  stood by his side. Her love and support sustained him through decades  of selfless public service, and now, LaRene carries on his wonderful  legacy. Our great State owes Dean and LaRene Cox a debt of gratitude  for their friendship and kindness to all and their indelible  contributions to southern Utah's destiny.   Our hearts go out to them. We love them dearly and pray for happiness  and joy in their ultimate reunion.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   