 Mr. Speaker, I have one question for President Biden and  his administration: What will it take? We are halfway through 2021 and  more than 700,000 illegal aliens have already been apprehended  unlawfully crossing our southern border.   Finally, as this administration begrudgingly chokes out the words  ``border crisis,'' Americans and migrants alike are being raped,  trafficked, kidnapped, exploited, and murdered.   Drug cartels are fully in control of the U.S.-Mexico border and in  many places on both sides of the border, and they are not stopping  there. They are infiltrating every community across the country--not  just down at our border States--and they are hell-bent on causing us  harm. Every State is now a border State.   More deadly drugs, like meth and fentanyl, are coming up through the  southern border than ever before to kill over 70,000 Americans every  year from overdoses. There has been over a 300 percent increase of  fentanyl seized at the southern border. Even FBI Director Christopher  Wray said that there was no question that cartel activity from Mexico  is spilling over into the United States. And yet the Biden  administration is silent. Silent.   Today marks 84 days since Vice President Kamala Harris was foolishly  dubbed the border czar. Last week, when asked when she planned to  actually do her job and visit the border, she had the audacity to  laugh. If any American didn't show up for their job for 84 days, they  would probably be fired.   Clearly, this administration has all but abandoned our border  communities and all of its American citizens. What a slap in the face  to the American people, the rule of law, his sworn oath of office, and  to the migrants who put their lives at risk to come here because Biden  told them to and encouraged them to.   So what will it take? How much worse does the worst border crisis in  our history need to get before President Biden begins fulfilling his  duty to defend and secure the homeland and protect us and our  sovereignty? How many more children need to be thrown from 18-foot  walls or abandoned to die? How many more women and girls and young boys  need to be sexually assaulted, trafficked, or murdered? How many more  Americans need to die from drug overdoses or have a loved one hurt by  an illegal alien who shouldn't even be here?   I am speaking for the millions of Americans who have empathy for  those wanting to come here but who want to do so in a legal way. I am  speaking as a descendant of immigrants myself. I am speaking as a  taxpaying citizen who knows that we are trillions of dollars in debt  and do not have the money to pay for noncitizens who are breaking our  laws. Lastly, I am speaking as an American who loves his country enough  to die for it. Enough is enough.   President Biden needs to do his job, secure our border, and protect  this great Nation and the oath that he swore to uphold.   