 Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to Dr.  Kristina M. Johnson and celebrate her investiture as the 16th president  of the Ohio State University.   Dr. Johnson brings more than 30 years of experience and leadership in  the academic, business, and public policy sectors to Ohio State, along  with some very ambitious goals she has for the university.  [[Page S8337]]    Although the formal investiture was postponed until this Friday,  November 19, due to COVID, Dr. Johnson actually assumed the presidency  in August of last year, and her leadership has already helped the  university community to come together during the past year of the  pandemic. Ohio State is in full swing--classes, research, and other  activities. They have a darn good football team under her leadership as  well--currently No. 4 in the country and on its way up. Go, Bucks.   The Ohio State University was founded in 1870 as a land grant  university--the first of its kind in Ohio. Over the years, the  university has grown into one of the largest and best respected  institutions in the country.   Dr. Johnson actually has close family ties to Ohio State. Family lore  has it that Dr. Johnson's grandfather, who graduated from Ohio State in  1896, met Dr. Johnson's grandmother on the Columbus campus. We like to  think those close ties to OSU and deep family roots in Ohio have made  her a Buckeye in spirit all along.   Dr. Johnson comes to the Ohio State University after a long career in  academic and business leadership. She previously served as the  chancellor of the State University of New York system and has founded  and served as CEO of several successful science and technology  companies, served as the Under Secretary of Energy at the Department of  Energy, and held academic leadership positions in institutions such as  Johns Hopkins University, Duke University, and the University of  Colorado at Boulder. Her breadth of experience from academic  leadership, business, and public policy gives her the important tools  to successfully lead the Ohio State University.   I have enjoyed getting to know Dr. Johnson over the past year and a  half, and I have been impressed with how the students have embraced  her. It is a great student body. I have seen that firsthand at Ohio  State, having taught four courses at the Glenn School of Public  Affairs--now the Glenn College of Public Affairs--before being elected  to the U.S. Senate, and I am proud to have been a member of the  advisory board of the exciting Glenn College for the past 12 years.   I believe the students and the faculty and the alumni and the friends  who make up the Ohio State University community are very fortunate to  have Dr. Johnson at the helm during this time. I wish her the very best  as she continues to guide Ohio State into the future while focusing on  academic excellence and building a strong and passionate community of  Buckeyes. I look forward to continuing to work with Dr. Johnson to  ensure her success and the success of the great institution, the Ohio  State University.   I yield the floor.   