 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I  thank the gentleman particularly not only for authoring and helping out  all the rest of us cosponsor this important legislation, but in  particular for mentioning the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania here late  this afternoon.   It was Pennsylvania that was instrumental in actually passing the  Social Security Act back in the thirties. It was a huge fight. It was a  time when Republicans called the concept of Social Security, Madam  Speaker, communism. They called it that. They said it would lead to  horrible things. They said it would be the ruination of the American  economy and the American democracy, and it was communism. That is what  the Republicans called the whole idea of Social Security when the  Roosevelt administration came up with it.    And the Roosevelt administration was having a huge fight with the  Republican-dominated Supreme Court of the United States. They were  against it. And they kept ruling that Roosevelt's programs, the  National Labor Relations Act, all of these programs that Roosevelt came  up with, the Securities and Exchange Commission, all of these programs  that Roosevelt came up with to try to work our way out of the Great  Depression, the Supreme Court was invalidating as unconstitutional  under the Commerce Clause.   And it was actually a member of the United States Supreme Court, a  Republican member named Owen J. Roberts who saved the day, Congressman  Larson. He saved the day because he changed his mind about the commerce  clause and how it applied to the Social Security Act.   Owen J. Roberts was a terrific trial lawyer from Philadelphia. He was  a prosecutor. He was in the U.S. Attorney's Office. And he personally  handled the Teapot Dome scandal. He prosecuted the criminals who  perpetrated the Teapot Dome scandal back in the twenties.   And his career flourished. He started a law firm where I actually  practiced for 2 years as a young lawyer myself in Philadelphia. And  Owen J. Roberts went on to join the Supreme Court of the United States  as an associate justice, he was one of the Republican members.   There was great controversy about whether Social Security would be  ruled constitutional. Roberts thought about it, and to his great and  everlasting credit and to the credit of the Commonwealth of  Pennsylvania, he changed his mind. He changed his mind, and he  validated the Social Security Act. And as a result, it was signed into  law and it was held constitutional.   The Social Security Administration took off, and all of a sudden,  American life included this promise, as the gentleman stated, a sacred  trust. This promise that if you work your whole life, you pay into the  system, you pay your FICA taxes all the way through, you continue to  pay every quarter all the way through your career, that is the promise,  that when you retire you will not be left destitute. You will not be  relegated to poverty and to privation, that you will have food on your  table and a roof over your head because you will have money coming in  that is your money. It is your money. You paid into it. It is not the  government, it is an insurance program, as the gentleman from  Connecticut astutely noted. And it is a promise that has been kept  every day, every week, every month since the 1930s. We are talking  about 80 years of keeping a promise for Social Security.   In my district it makes a very big difference. The gentleman from  Connecticut is right. There is an awful lot of people who are over the  age of retirement who are depending entirely on Social Security checks  to survive. Yes, in some places it is around 25 percent, that might be  the average. But I can tell you that there are places that are hurting  in this country where the people surviving on Social Security checks  and nothing else coming in approaches 40 or 50 percent.   You can see who it is, and you feel for them, and you know that every  year they see what they call the COLA increases, the cost-of-living  adjustment increases. It is all worked out by a mathematical formula.  It is called CPI, and it is the Consumer Price Index, and it rises in  accordance with what formula is used.   Over the years, Social Security has been attacked by Republicans. It  was attacked savagely at the outset as communism. In the first decade  of this millennium, the Republicans wanted to privatize Social  Security, make it so that the money went into the stock market.   Now, imagine that, into the stock market.   And then when we had this enormous stock market crash in 2008, the  retirement savings of all of these people who paid into this wonderful  insurance program for retirement would have been wiped out. But it was  Democrats who fought day in and day out in that time. You were there,  Mr. Larson.    The gentleman is exactly correct. It was an attempt  to privatize Social Security in those years. And it was only by the  stalwart, staunch defense of the Social Security system by the  Democrats--Democrats present here in this Chamber today--who did that  and fought it off. And thank God they did.   Because it is true, the stock market crash of 2000 would have thrown  millions and millions of seniors right into poverty if the Republicans  had got away with it, had privatized Social Security.   And it did not stop there. I was not in Congress in those years, but  I came into Congress. I was elected in 2012. And in 2013, I was sworn  in for the first time. And here I am, a freshman Democrat, and about 4  months into my very first term, something happened. The Republicans  were pushing this scheme called chained CPI. And chained CPI was a $50  expression that means lower cost of living adjustment increases, lower  increases year after year.   The idea was, well, we have to make ends meet at Social Security so  let's cut increases for seniors. That was  [[Page H7621]]  their plan. And they called that chained CPI.   Now, there was a big fight over that, of course. And at least at that  point, the Republicans weren't calling Social Security communism, but  they were still trying to cut it for seniors, and that is no good. And  the Democrats fought back hard against that.   Well, along comes 2013, and in the springtime, the President comes  out with a budget. And President Obama at the time, he wanted to extend  an olive branch to the Republicans, it might be recalled. And President  Obama incorporated this chained CPI notion in his budget. He put that  in his budget.   I wasn't having it. I joined a bunch of people--I think the  congressman from Connecticut was with me--and we went out on the lawn  of the Capitol to protest against the President of the United States, a  Democratic President of the United States extending this olive branch  to the Republicans by putting chained CPI in his budget. We were  protesting. We Democrats were protesting against a Democratic President  going along with that notion just to try to get along with the  Republicans.   In the end, to his everlasting credit, President Obama withdrew that  offer and never brought it up again. And now, under Social Security  2100, there is a real cost of living adjustment formula in there,  something that actually takes into account the things that seniors has  to buy; the things that seniors can't afford unless they get the  increase; the things that seniors need to live in any kind of  reasonable style of living. There is a reasonable cost of living  adjustment in Social Security 2100, and I am proud to be on that bill.   Look, workers paid into this fund all their careers; it is their  money. And the promise is not that you will get some money, the promise  is that you are going to get enough money to make it out of poverty in  your retirement. And if you have other things coming in, fine, but  there are people who rely entirely--that is their sole source of  support--the Social Security checks that they get.   Madam Speaker, in my district, 140,000 people, relying on those  Social Security checks coming in. And my suggestion this evening, as we  talk about Social Security 2100, let's pass it and keep the promise.   