 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwithstanding  rule XXII, following morning business, on Wednesday, March 24, the  Senate proceed to executive session and resume consideration of  Calendar No. 40, Rachel Levine, to be an Assistant Secretary of Health  and Human Services, and Calendar No. 38, David Turk, to be Deputy  Secretary of Energy en bloc; further, that at 11:30 a.m., the Senate  vote on cloture on Calendar Nos. 40 and 38, in that order; further,  that if cloture is invoked on either of these nominations, all  postcloture time be considered expired at 4:45 p.m. and the Senate vote  on confirmation of the nominations in the order upon which cloture was  invoked; further, that if either nomination is confirmed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.  [[Page S1717]]     Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration and the  Senate now proceed to S. Res. 123.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to,  the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Indian Affairs be discharged from further consideration and the  Senate now proceed to S. Res. 125.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to,  the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I understand that there is a bill at the  desk, and I ask for its first reading.    I now ask for a second reading, and in order to place the  bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to my  own request.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate  completes its business today, it adjourn until 10:30 a.m., Wednesday,  March 24; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be  deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the  time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day,  and morning business be closed; that upon the conclusion of morning  business, the Senate proceed to executive session to consider the  nominations, as provided under the previous order.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator Sullivan.   