 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am particularly glad to see the  senior Senator from New Mexico presiding on what, for me, is a  sentimental moment, because he has been such a terrific friend and  colleague and advocate in the battle of climate change.   I am here today because, at last, it is time to say farewell to my  battered ``Time to Wake Up'' image board here and to a run of more than  275 weekly climate speeches. It has been one of the Senate's longer  runs, I believe, but I think it is time to say farewell.   This long run began in the dark days of 2012, after Speaker Pelosi  had passed a serious climate bill and the Senate had refused to take up  anything, not even a blank bill to go to conference with and see what  could be done in conference. As some of us remember all too well, when  Speaker Pelosi passed that bill in 2009 over on the House side, we had  here in the Senate a filibuster-proof Democratic majority. This was  climate change, and we just walked away. I was told then that it was  because the Obama White House told Leader Reid to pull the plug, that  after the ObamaCare wars, the White House was tired of conflict and  didn't want another big battle. It was not going to take on any fights  it wasn't sure it could win.   Think about that. Think of history's great battles and contests,  legislative or otherwise, and consider in how many of those battles  either side was sure it would win. If you limit yourself to battles you  are sure you can win, you are pretty much sure to miss the most  important battles, and we lost this one for that most lamentable of  reasons--the failure to try. The fossil fuel industry, sure enough,  knew it won this one once it saw the Obama administration walk off the  field, abandoning Speaker Pelosi's hard-fought victory.   Then years went by in which you could scarcely get a Democratic  administration to put the words ``climate'' and ``change'' into the  same paragraph in which we fussed, idiotically, about whether to call  it ``climate change'' or ``global warming''; in which the bully  pulpit--the great Presidential megaphone in the hands of one of our  most articulate Presidents--stood mute. We quavered about polling  showing climate as issue 8 or issue 10, ignoring that we had a say in  that outcome. When we wouldn't even use the phrase, let alone make the  case, no wonder the public didn't see climate change as a priority.   Those were, for me, dark, desolate days, so I made a commitment to  speak about climate change every single week we were in session--no  matter what. The kitchen was dark; the oven was cold, but maybe,  somehow, one little pilot light's clicking on every week would help.   Six years after the Waxman-Markey climate bill passed the House, the  Obama EPA finalized its marquee climate regulation, which was quickly  killed dead in the starting block by the five Republicans on the  Supreme Court.   The Clean Power Plan never even went into effect. It had no  regulatory core or backstop that was indisputably within EPA's  authority. So when the Clean Power Plan's novelties got smacked down,  nothing was left.   John Kerry, bless him, led us into the Paris Agreement, but it wasn't  signed until the last year of 8 years of that administration. It being  so late, the fossil fuel interests behind Trump hauled us right back  out of it.   So there we were, after 8 years in which Democrats sometimes  controlled both Houses of Congress as well as the White House, and we  had, at the end of the day, no law, no regulations, no treaty.   I am hanging up the ``Time to Wake Up'' poster after more than 275 of  these speeches because I am going to trust that we bring more spirit  and determination to the climate crisis this time, as President Biden  has promised that we will.   His opening Executive orders are a fine start. I appreciate  particularly the restoration of the social cost of carbon, but perhaps  the most important signal is not any specific policy but the  [[Page S172]]  breadth of the scope of the emphasis on climate across the new Biden  administration.   Then we had to deal with the Trump years, when sins of omission  became sins of commission, and questions of commitment became questions  of corruption.   I am personally confident that evidence will reveal that the Trump  administration was, in fact, corrupt on climate issues--and not just  corrupt in the meaning of the Founding Fathers but corrupt in the  meaning of the U.S. Criminal Code, and I will do my level best to make  sure we find out. Thank goodness, we can put that disgraceful period of  our history behind us.   What did I learn along the way? I traveled to many of my Republican  colleagues' home States on climate trips to help me understand the  climate change problem there. There is no State whose big State  universities deny climate change. Most all of them teach it. So I knew  it wasn't lack of knowledge that was blocking progress.   I learned that oceans are at the heart of the climate threat. First,  they bear incontrovertible testimony to the dangers. Try arguing with  thermometers that measure ocean warming. Try arguing with tide gauges  that measure sea level rise. Try arguing with pH tests that school  children can do that measure the acidification of our oceans.   I learned that the oceans are suffering extraordinary injury from  warming at the rate of multiple nuclear explosions per second and  acidification at rates unprecedented in human existence, and from the  fossil fuel industry's plastics contaminating our oceans.   In every State I went to, there were businesses alarmed by climate  change, whether it was wildfire or flooding or the loss of iconic views  and species, upheaval of fisheries and growing conditions of crops or  business risk and recreation imperiled.   I heard from western fishermen about warming trout streams and a  Glacier National Park with no glacier, and saw ancient western forests  dying by the square mile to the bark beetle.   I heard from coastal States about new pests and poisonous algae and  flooding risks and fisheries in upheaval. And the Great Lakes, I heard,  face similar threats as the ocean coasts.   I heard in the Presiding Officer's State of Nordic ski trails made  mud because you can't do artificial snow like on ski slopes, and moose  tours--moose tours--that visitors promised never to do again because  once you made it down the mud trail, the moose were crawling with  thousands of ticks, eating them alive. Things that winter used to clean  up but did no longer.   One day I wept in National Airport, sitting at one of those little  round linoleum-topped food tables, reading Pope Francis's new  encyclical, ``Laudato Si: On Care For Our Common Home.'' Climate  effects were everywhere. That wasn't the problem.   So I began looking at the fossil fuel industry and studying the dark  money apparatus that it uses to spread climate denial and to obstruct  climate progress.   I recalled our bipartisanship here in the Senate before Citizens  United, and I saw the death of bipartisanship after, when the fossil  fuel industry upgraded its weaponry from political muskets to tactical  nukes and set about subjugating the Republican Party.   I came to like and admire Bob Inglis, a conservative the fossil fuel  industry could not subjugate. So, instead, they made an example of him  for his climate heresy and crushed him politically.   I came with groups of Senators to the floor to identify and call out  this corrupt and corrupting fossil fuel web of denial. I came to know  and admire the tough band of investigators, writers, and academic  researchers who examine and document this corrupt apparatus.   I saw how this apparatus insinuated itself into the U.S. Chamber of  Commerce an the National Association of Manufacturers and turned those  two business groups into America's two worst climate obstructors.    Thank you, InfluenceMap, for that research.   I learned the ways the industry hid the money trail leading to its  front groups through shell corporations, through Donors Trust, through  501(c)(4)s. And I finally came to the realization that this industry  was running a massive, covert operation--probably the biggest covert  disinformation and political intimidation op in history, and it was  running this covert op in and against our own country.   Another thing I learned was how little political effort America's  corporations put into doing anything about climate change here in  Congress. A lot of them put happy green talk on their websites. They  had their consumer relations and public relations and investor  relations people spread the happy green talk around. Many of them  actually hired sustainability officers and, where it made them money,  began changing their internal behavior to actually be more sustainable.   Sometimes more attention was paid to heralding those sustainability  programs than there actually was to sustaining anything, but sometimes  it was sincere. Bravo to those companies that have really changed the  way they operate within their corporate bounds. And a few took climate  change seriously enough to start pushing sustainability out their  supply chains.   But none--none--took climate change seriously in Congress. This was a  battlefield they avoided. Their trade associations were a nightmare.  Every one of them--beverages, insurance, banking, chemical,  agricultural--you name it, every one of them was silent or worse. Now  at last--at last--that seems to be changing.   Here is the 2020 lobbying pitch for Silicon Valley tech giants--the  biggest corporations in America, many of the most successful  corporations of America, hundreds of American corporations, almost all  of which pride themselves on their greenness. They lobby us through a  group called TechNet. Here is their pitch sheet--13 pages of bulleted  priorities they wanted Congress to achieve, and not one mention--not  one mention--of climate change. Not one, not even a mention of  renewables from a trade association that has renewables companies in  its membership--until now. Until now. I was just notified that TechNet  has noticed this omission in its document and that it intends to  rectify the error. Good.   Change has even come to the biggest and most obstructive lobby group  of them all--the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. I spent a lot of time  chasing them with hashtag ``chamberofcarbon.'' I stood out in front of  their headquarters and put up a sign that said ``Carbon'' blocking  where it said ``Commerce,'' so their own building said ``U.S. Chamber  of Carbon.'' They were my nemesis--hostile to climate action in the  legislative branch, hostile to climate action in the executive branch  and regulatory agencies, hostile to climate action in the judiciary in  cases that were being brought about climate. They were the beast.   Well, last week, the chamber announced a dramatic reversal--that it  will now support a serious, market-based climate solution. That--that-- is a big shift. And if they fight for climate action anywhere near as  forcefully as they fought against it, it could make a big difference.  So TBD as to how this turns out over at the chamber, but a tentative  big thumbs up.   So as I close my run of Time to Wake Ups, where are we? Well, we  again control the House, and the Senate, and the White House, and this  time I hope we will be serious.   Senator Markey has joined me, and I mentioned earlier in the speech  Nancy Pelosi championing an actual serious climate bill through the  House and lamented the Senate's failure to do one damn thing once we  had the House bill over here to act on.   That bill was called Waxman-Markey. It was the work of Congressman  Waxman and Congressman, now-Senator, Markey. With Senator Markey over  here, maybe this time we will be serious in the Senate with all of  these departments of government control.   The latent bipartisanship here in the Senate that the fossil fuel  industry suppressed is still there. It has been there all along.  Talking to some of my colleagues about climate change has been a little  bit like talking to prisoners about escape, but the latent  bipartisanship did not go away. With these other changes--with  corporate America beginning to show up, with the big trade associations  becoming less horrible, I am hopeful for a serious bipartisan bill. And  if we can't get good-faith bipartisanship, well, we have got  reconciliation.  [[Page S173]]    Senator McConnell can't block bipartisan climate bills from coming to  the floor any longer. So there is a point to legislating. There is a  point to advocates showing up. So maybe corporate America will show up  and push back on fossil fuel's subjugation of the Republican Party. A  good, hard look at the fossil fuel climate denial machinery can put  that corrupt machine back on its heels. In my view, it would be  dereliction and malpractice to ignore that apparatus and its  treacherous role.   In trade associations, revolts are already taking place, within the  chamber and NAM, by members horrified to be outed as supporting  America's worst climate obstructors. Want faster change there? Disclose  the fossil fuel money that bought the climate obstruction. That will  speed things along.   The finance and agriculture sectors and our coastal economies all are  looking down the barrel of multiple and serious economic crash  warnings. Banks, insurance companies, Freddie Mac, sovereign banks,  wherever you look in the world of finance, there are dramatic, dire  warnings from sober, serious bean-counter people who are not there to  be green. They are there to make green. So corporate climate concerns  have moved from the communications shop to business operations and the  C-suites.   The famous author Mary Renault, who wrote wonderful historical  novels, said: ``There is only one kind of shock worse than the totally  unexpected: the expected for which one has refused to prepare.'' There  has never been a crisis or a catastrophe more warned about by more and  more credible sources than the looming climate crisis, and it is going  to clobber these businesses. Now they just need to align their  political effort with their own stated policies. How hard is that?   All of this can break the right way. The dark castle of denial can  fall, and Congress can rise in bipartisan force to stop the harm and  cure the damage. But that is not foreordained. We can still screw this  up. No doubt about it. So let's not. Let's do our duty. The conditions  are at last--at last--in place for a real solution. A new dawn is  breaking, and when it is dawn, there is no need for my little candle  against the darkness. My little ``Time to Wake Up'' pilot light can now  go out.   So instead of urging that it is time to wake up, I close this long  run by saying now, it is time to get to work. Whitehouse ``Time to Wake  Up'' run, farewell.   Whitehouse at least on time to wake up--out.   I yield the floor.    Thank you, Senator Inhofe. I am grateful to the  senior Senator from Oklahoma.   We are, indeed, fairly fierce adversaries on the issue of climate,  but it is a fervent prayer of mine that that might change because I  have had the experience of working with Senator Inhofe on issues on  which we are not adversaries, and let me tell you, the man is a  senatorial Caterpillar tractor at getting things done when our  interests align. Whether it is cleaning up kleptocracy or fixing the  enforcement of pirate fishing overseas or our ocean plastics work,  Senator Inhofe has been enormously valuable in those things. And I will  confess, because we have had these wars with one another on climate  change, that when Senator Inhofe came to Senator Sullivan's and my  hearing on ocean plastics, my heart sank. I thought, oh--I won't say  the word. This was such a good hearing. It was going so well. Why did  he have to show up? Because I thought he was going to ruin everything-- not a bit. He listened. And when it came time to ask questions, he  asked terrific questions.   He described an experience in his childhood along the Texas gulf  coast and the little sea turtles trying to work their way to the ocean  from their eggs, and he asked how he could help. He was an original  cosponsor of our bill. He was a strong supporter of the bigger, better  2.0 bill.   So I will close with reiterating my prayer that perhaps in the most  marvelous of all worlds, the good Lord can find a way to bring us to  work together to solve this climate problem. If so, we may very well  have a miracle in this Chamber.   I yield the floor.    Thank you, Senator Inhofe, for your courtesy for  coming to say those words. I truly appreciate it.    You are the Hank Aaron. You are the Roger Maris. So I  appreciate it and thank you.   