 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in very strong support of  H.R. 3385, the HOPE for Afghan SIVs Act, which the gentleman from  Colorado and I introduced to help knock down one small barrier to  getting our Afghan friends and allies out of harm's way, which they  greatly deserve.   I truly appreciate the words expressed by my colleague because they  reflect so many of my same feelings.   The bill is not a permanent solution to fixing our special immigrant  visa program, but it is a critical temporary waiver to help cut down on  the backlog of pending Afghan SIV applications.   During a time of great emergency, it is a life and death situation,  without a doubt.   There is currently only one facility in Afghanistan that performs the  required medical exams, located in Kabul. Because exams are only valid  for a few months, many applicants must make repeated trips to Kabul at  their own cost and risk.   H.R. 3385 would allow the Secretary of State and the DHS Secretary to  jointly issue a 1-year waiver for the in-country medical exam  requirement, up to 3 years. But, importantly, the bill requires, to the  greatest extent practical, that the applicant undergoes the medical  exam no later than 30 days after being admitted to the United States.   It explicitly states that nothing in the bill prohibits our agencies  from adopting appropriate measures to prevent the spread of disease  here. All it does is allow the applicant to undergo the medical exam  here instead of in Kabul.   During my tour in Iraq, I worked alongside Iraqi interpreters who  risked their lives to serve with us and help us complete our mission.  Many eventually used a similar program to escape harm's way and to  build a life in the United States. The two that I worked with and  supported are now full U.S. citizens here in America. One is a  cardiologist, and the other has a family practice.   As we withdraw from Afghanistan, the Afghans who served by our sides,  the translators, the contractors, and the guides, without whom we could  not do our jobs, are left in the crosshairs of the Taliban. They worked  for the United States, despite knowing the risk to their own lives and  their families. They believed in us, and they believed in our cause.   It will be a black eye on the United States if we don't do everything  in our power to protect these allies. If we don't honor our promises,  if we allow our friends to be targeted and killed by groups like the  Taliban, ISIS, and al-Qaida because they worked with and for the United  States of America, we will send a message to those we will need to rely  on in the future that we are unable to live up to our side of the  bargain.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for his tireless work in bringing  this issue to the forefront as we withdraw from Afghanistan, for all  the staff that put in so much time to get this done, and for our  bipartisan Honoring Our Promises Working Group for keeping the pressure  on the administration to make sure that we don't leave our allies  behind.   Mr. Speaker, please support this bill. It is a good thing for America  to do.   