 Madam Speaker, more than 20 peer-reviewed  studies show that more than 2.4 million people are alive today in the  United States because of the Hyde amendment, with about 60,000 babies  spared death by abortion each and every year.   Over 2.4 million girls and boys who would have been aborted instead  survived because taxpayer funding was unavailable to effectuate their  violent demise. Growing numbers of Americans, Madam Speaker, continue  to be shocked to learn that the methods of abortion include  dismemberment of a child's fragile body, including decapitation, and  that drugs like RU-486 starve the baby to death before he or she is  forcibly expelled from the womb. There is nothing benign or  compassionate about abortion methods.   The multibillion-dollar abortion industry cleverly markets the  sophistry of choice while going to extraordinary lengths to ignore,  trivialize, and cover up the battered baby victim. By reason of their  age, dependency, immaturity, inconvenience, fragility, and  unwantedness, unborn children have been denied justice and the most  fundamental of all human rights, the right to life.   The right to life, Madam Speaker, is for everyone, not just the  planned, the privileged, and the perfect.   Ultrasound has not only been an amazing diagnostic tool for treating  disease and disability before birth, it has also made the unborn baby  more visible. Today, for many expectant moms, first baby pictures  aren't of their precious newborn baby, but of ultrasound imaging photos  and videos chronicling the amazing miracle of their child's journey  before birth.   Madam Speaker, 166 Members of Congress have cosponsored my bill, H.R.  18, the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act, to make the Hyde  amendment and other current abortion funding prohibitions permanent.   According to public opinion polls, most Americans, by a decisive  margin of 58 percent to 38 percent in a recent Marist Poll, agree that  taxpayers should not, I say again, should not be compelled against  their conscience to fund abortion.   Years ago, then-Senator Joe Biden wrote to constituents explaining  his support for the Hyde amendment and said it would ``protect both the  woman and her unborn child.''   He said in another letter, ``I have consistently--on no fewer than 50  occasions--voted against Federal funding of abortions. Those who are  opposed to abortion should not be compelled to pay for them.''   So says Joe Biden in the past.   I wholeheartedly agree. Those of us opposed to abortion should not be  compelled or forced to pay for them.   Madam Speaker, someday future generations of Americans will look back  and wonder how and why such a seemingly smart, enlightened, and  compassionate society could have enabled and facilitated the  extermination of over 62.5 million children, a number of child  [[Page H3022]]  deaths that equates with the entire population of Italy.    So with deep respect for my colleagues, I  believe unborn children need the President of the United States and  Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle to be their friends and  advocates, not powerful adversaries.   