 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, my friend,  the Senator from Oregon, suggested that the Senate rules precluded this  provision from being addressed in the recently passed bill.   It is actually a little bit more complicated than that. So let's  remember how we got here.   Last year, Republicans and Democrats worked together, and we passed  five bills, adding up to about $4 trillion, authorizing another several  trillion dollars of loans. It was an extraordinary reaction to an  extraordinary moment, and Republicans and Democrats came together time  and time again.   As the circumstances were changing, we passed new legislation to  reflect that--passing a big bill, a trillion-dollar bill nearly, in  December. But as soon as our Democratic colleagues had the ability,  they decided they weren't interested in any bipartisan legislation  [[Page S1632]]  anymore. It was going to be strictly Democrats using the reconciliation  process, and that is the only reason that this provision couldn't be  addressed because it can't be dealt with under the reconciliation  rules.   So now our Democratic colleagues perceive a problem with this  legislation, and they would like the Republicans' consent to fix what  might have been resolved with some kind of compromise had they pursued  the path that we pursued when we were in control.   But let's talk about where we are and what we have done for  individuals and families. The unprecedented financial support from the  Federal Government has been really amazing. An average family of four  has, by now, received stimulus checks of $9,200 and child tax credit  checks of $6,000. That is $15,200. By the way, that has gone to people  who never lost a penny of income. And if they did lose their job, as in  the hypothetical that the Senator from Oregon suggests, then the  unemployment benefits, in more than half the cases, paid them more than  they made working because of the legislation that we passed. We  designed it so they would pay people more not to work than they would  make working, in addition to these stimulus checks that they got.   So the result of that is, in the aggregate, personal savings have  gone through the roof. It is up by over $1.6 trillion. Total consumer  credit is down. The fact is, we more than replaced lost income through  the series of bills that were passed.   Now my colleagues want to come here and block a valid, legal claim  from being honored with some of this money. And specifically, they want  to block these stimulus checks from being subject to garnishment.   So what is a garnishment? That is just when money is withheld from  someone because they owe something. They owe money that they haven't  paid to someone else, and that someone else has gone to court, made the  case, and it has been adjudicated that, yes, this is money that is  owed.   So they want to forbid this windfall--which in many, many cases this  is a windfall, let's be honest. They want to prevent it from being  available to be used for the conventional way that we collect money  that is owed. And whom might this affect?   Under this legislation, if it were to pass, it would forbid  garnishment of the alimony payment that a needy former spouse relies  on. That is a common expense for which garnishment applies. But in this  case, the deadbeat former husband who is not paying his alimony  payments, who forced his former wife to go to court to get a court  order, he has been so far behind, now he gets this big check from the  government, and she doesn't even get to catch up on the money that he  owes her?   How about the deadbeat dad who is not paying his child support? That  is another situation in which the mom, trying to struggle to support  those kids, had to go to court and get a court order that his future  income would be garnished because he just doesn't pay. Well, he gets  this check in the mail, compliments of the taxpayer, and he doesn't  have to give her any of that? That is so terribly unfair.   And, you know, in addition to all these direct payments, we have also  provided massive financial support in all kinds of ways to alleviate  expenses like nutrition assistance, $80 billion; housing assistance,  $65 billion; increase of Medicaid, $170 billion; not to mention almost  $1 trillion in payroll support so that people could continue to work.   When you pay for all of these things and you still give people money  on top of that, I don't think it is unreasonable to ask people to pay  their bills, especially their overdue bills to their former wife or to  support their kids.   Here is the other thing. At best, this is now a political statement  because, as one of many colleagues just alluded to, these payments have  already gone out the door--most of them have. The Treasury has already  issued probably over $250 billion in stimulus checks. And to the extent  that a person was subject to garnishment, the garnishment happens  automatically. So it has already happened.   So what does that mean if this bill passed? The legal chaos--I mean,  first of all, it would actually allow the deadbeat dad I am referring  to, to go back and claim that money back, to claw it back from the  account that is meant to support his kids. How is that even possibly  fair or reasonable?   This is a bad idea, and for these reasons, I object.   