 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Winston Churchill is often credited with  the apocryphal quote that ``we sleep soundly in our beds because rough  men stand ready in the night to visit violence on those who would do us  harm.''   This is still true, but the 21st century has gotten more complicated.  We live in an era of hybrid wars. There are fewer D-days on enemy  beaches and more zero-day exploits in enemy servers.   Americans sleep soundly at night because, in addition to these rough  men at the ready, brilliant men and women work around the clock to  develop national security technology that defends our interests and  undermines our enemies. DARPA--the Defense Advanced Research Projects  Agency--is on the frontlines of that work. They are racing against our  adversaries.   Our technology struggle against the Chinese Communist Party is the  defining national security challenge of our time. Chairman Xi and his  techno-authoritarian regime are fundamentally opposed to not just  American values but American interests all around the globe.   Our citizens watching this Chamber on most days might think that most  of their political leaders are content to ignore this reality, but I  assure my colleagues in this Chamber that the CCP is not asleep at the  switch.   Beijing is aggressively investing in machine learning and artificial  intelligence and in quantum computing. They are hacking and stealing  America's research and America's intellectual property. The Chinese  Communist Party is on a mission, and they make no attempt to hide it.  They want to become the world's preeminent superpower, and they think  that by claiming first-mover advantage in the cyber domain, they can  achieve this. We can't let that happen.   My amendment to today's legislation is simple: It doubles DARPA's  budget, $3.5 billion to $7 billion a year for each of the next 5 years.  The work of the National Science Foundation is important as well, and I  support that work. I support that research. But the NSF's research is  broad. DARPA's research is directly applied to our most critical  national security challenges.   Cutting-edge, classified tech development is in DARPA's DNA. When we  talk about identifying and disrupting the CCP's AI-enabled cyber and  information campaigns, we want DARPA to be leading that work. When we  talk about developing new technological tools to push back on the CCP's  hybrid warfare, we want DARPA to be leading that work.   If we want American democracy to outlast Chinese techno- authoritarianism, we can make this investment. Doubling DARPA's budget  is a cost-effective investment that bolsters that work, and it bolsters  the work of the Endless Frontier legislation we are debating this week,  and I encourage all of my colleagues to support this amendment.   