 Mr. President, I want to take just a few moments to go  back to March of this year. After a very tough year fighting COVID-19,  the American people had many reasons to be optimistic about the future.  Millions of people were being vaccinated every day. The winter surge  was fading away, and travel was slowly ramping up. Families were able  to get back together who hadn't seen their loved ones, particularly  those who were the most vulnerable to the virus. People were able to  visit face-to-face and resume their lives, gradually discovering what I  will call the new normal.   We knew the war against the virus was not over, but our communities  were well-resourced to keep up the fight, thanks to the five bipartisan  bills that were signed into law in 2020.   Yes, it is true. Just last year, we passed five bipartisan relief  bills with broad bipartisan support--in some cases, unanimous consent  support. My, how quickly things changed. After President Biden was  sworn into office, our friends on the other side of the aisle began to  view things quite differently. Where Republicans saw progress,  Democrats saw, as one House Member put it, a ``tremendous opportunity  to restructure things to fit [their] vision.'' Democrats tried to  capitalize on the pandemic to check items off their liberal wish list.  They crafted a nearly $2 trillion bill that included some of the far- left's highest priorities and tried to brand it as pandemic relief-- backdoor funding for Planned Parenthood, a blank check for mismanaged  union pension funds, money for ``climate justice''--whatever that is.  Less than 10 percent of the money for COVID-19 was directly related to  the pandemic, and less than 1 percent supported vaccination efforts.   In addition to being wasteful and irresponsible, this level of  spending has brought with it serious risks. Leading economists who are  Democrats, like Larry Summers and Steve Rattner, warn this level of  spending could trigger inflation. Most of the young people who were not  alive during the seventies, during the tremendous inflation in the  country, have never experienced anything like that or even like what we  are experiencing today. But Larry Summers presciently warned that this  level of Federal spending could ``set off [some] inflationary pressures  of a kind we have not seen in a generation.'' Still, our Democratic  colleagues couldn't be persuaded to change course.   They moved forward with their nearly $2 trillion spending bill, and  lo and behold, guess what happened. Well, Larry Summers was right, and  the Federal Reserve that called inflation transitory was wrong. We are  now experiencing inflation at a level we have not seen in a generation,  exactly as Larry Summers predicted.   In October, inflation hit a 31-year high. Consumer prices jumped 6.2  percent compared with a year ago, making this the highest inflation  rate we have seen since 1990. If you were to ask the average Texan if  they were surprised by this news, they would say: Not at all.   Month after month, families have adjusted their budgets as prices  ticked up. They are now paying more for everything from gasoline to  groceries, from cars to Christmas gifts.   And our Democratic colleagues seem to think the only solution is to  add more fuel to the fire. They put together a second partisan spending  spree, which will cost approximately $5 trillion. That has already  passed the House of Representatives.   Taxpayers will be disappointed by what they get for so much money:  tax breaks for millionaires and billionaires--that is in the House  bill--cuts to healthcare for low-income and uninsured patients, special  favors for organized labor and union bosses, and taxpayer-subsidized  electric vehicles for the well-off.   Our colleagues have worked diligently, I must confess, on this bill  all year, and this is what they have come up with. Meanwhile, they have  ignored some of the most basic responsibilities of governing.   So far, the Senate has not passed any regular appropriations bills.  There are 12 of them that routinely we pass. They are deliberated in  the Appropriations Committee, voted on, on a bipartisan basis, and  ultimately come to the floor and pass as part of the most basic  function of governing.   We haven't done that this year. Our colleagues have delayed the  National Defense Authorization Act, and we are just 1 week away from a  deadline that Secretary Yellen has given us for a potential debt  crisis. Our colleagues have failed to do the bare minimum.   Why on Earth are they pouring every ounce of their time and energy  into this damaging partisan spending spree when they can't even cover  the fundamentals of governing?  [[Page S9009]]    One thing is for sure: It is not because of a lack of opportunities  to advance bipartisan legislation.   In fact, over the last year, I have been proud to work with a number  of our Democratic colleagues on legislation to address some of our  biggest challenges, so it is not impossible. For example, Senator  Warner, the Senator from Virginia, and I have partnered on the CHIPS  for America Act, which became law earlier this year, and now we are  working together to provide the funds to fund the programs that the  bill created.   Then there is Senator Sinema, the senior Senator from Arizona. She  and I teamed up on legislation to deal with the humanitarian crisis and  security crisis at our border and to make sure that migrants are  treated fairly and humanely.   Senator Padilla, the junior Senator from California, and I have  worked together on legislation to make big investments in  infrastructure projects across the country without increasing the  deficit by a dime.   Earlier this year, State and local governments received huge sums of  COVID-19 relief money--more than they could use--and they found  themselves with more cash than they did eligible expenses. So the idea  behind our bill was pretty simple: give State and local leaders more  flexibility to invest in the most critical projects for their  communities--largely, infrastructure and disaster relief.   In some places, this still means pandemic-related expenses. We don't  require them to do anything; we just merely give them an option. Cities  can continue to use Federal dollars to expand hospital bed capacities,  increase staffing, or support vaccination campaigns.   The flexibility granted by this bill wouldn't interfere with any  plans to bolster the fight against the virus. It simply gives States  and local governments the ability to invest excess funding in  infrastructure projects: constructing bridges, extending railways,  modernizing ports, expanding broadband. This particular bill includes a  long list of qualifying expenses.   State and local leaders know their communities best, and they should  be able to use excess COVID-19 relief funds in a way that makes the  most sense for their State and their community.   Senator Padilla and I were happy to work with our colleagues on both  sides of the aisle to make changes to the bill to gain bipartisan  support. We added additional qualifying infrastructure projects to  ensure unique but no less important infrastructure projects in some  States were eligible. And we placed a cap, working with the White  House, on the amount of funding that could be used because of the White  House's concerns that it would take away from necessary COVID-19  expenses.    In October, this bill passed the Senate with unanimous support. Now,  nothing passes this Senate with unanimous support without a lot of hard  work and a lot of input from a lot of people on both sides of the  aisle. At a time when something as simple as K-12 curricula are  controversial, the full Senate supported this legislation. Local  officials, highway safety groups, and the transportation infrastructure  construction industry all support this commonsense legislation.   Leaders from three dozen organizations representing these groups sent  a letter to House leaders earlier this week encouraging the bill's  passage. As they said, providing State and local leaders with flexible  resources is the surest way to see that our Nation's preparedness and  responsivity continue. And it is important to note that this money had  already gone out the door, so all of these projects, all of this new  infrastructure, can be funded without increasing the deficit by a dime.   As I said, all 100 Senators supported this legislation, and the bill  currently has more than 120 bipartisan cosponsors in the House. So we  would encourage our House colleagues to delay no longer and take up and  pass this commonsense, bipartisan bill.   So my point is, even in times when we seem irreparably polarized,  where some colleagues decide it is my way or the highway when it comes  to trying to pass legislation in a 50-50 Senate--which is, admittedly,  very hard to do--the truth of the matter is there are real  opportunities to address some of the biggest challenges facing our  country in a bipartisan way.   But none of these opportunities are contained in the Democrats'  partisan spending bill. This legislation would, as Larry Summers  predicted, continue to fuel the red-hot inflation that is already  burning the American people. It will harm our energy security. It will  give massive tax breaks to the wealthy while increasing taxes on the  middle class. It cuts funding to our safety-net hospitals that provide  charity care and care for Medicaid patients. And it will drive our  national debt to unimaginable heights.   It will also hand the government control of decisions that should be  made by families on everything from childcare to healthcare--basically  hand those decisions to the Federal Government. This is not the type of  legislation that should be on our Senate's agenda at all, let alone at  the top of the list.   There are plenty of opportunities to work together to notch big  bipartisan wins for the American people. It is a shame, though, that  our colleagues across the aisle have chosen not to do that and that  this partisan spending spree has prevented real progress from being  made in so many other areas.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   