 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this morning, the Labor Department  announced that it had observed the largest uptick in prices since the  depths of the great recession back in 2008, and core inflation has  reached a nearly three-decade high.   The latest data reinforced what too many Americans have already been  experiencing firsthand: The Biden administration's partisan spending  bill has blunted our Nation's economic recovery with higher prices at  the gas pump and the grocery store, a tougher time for small businesses  trying to staff up, and unemployment policies that incentivize too many  Americans to simply stay on the sidelines.   Republicans and outside economists warned that the worst of these  conditions actually could have been avoided, but Democrats chose to go  it alone. As recently as a few days ago, it appeared that President  Biden was open to a new, more consultative approach to major  legislation. He and the leading Republican on a committee of  jurisdiction were engaged in what appeared to be good-faith, bipartisan  negotiations on infrastructure spending, but then the President decided  to walk away.   Now, at the White House's direction, Democrats in Congress are making  preparations to muscle through a bloated spending bill on a unilateral,  partisan basis, and it is becoming clear that the sort of united,  bipartisan action Ranking Member Capito has made possible within the  EPW Committee is getting harder and harder to replicate.   The bipartisanship that has defined infrastructure policy for years  is becoming the exception to Democrats' new partisan rule. It might  have something to do with the fact that our Democratic friends have  taken to using ``infrastructure'' as a code for a growing wish list of  unrelated liberal spending.   The Biden administration's first infrastructure plan made that much  clear from its rollout back in March. Remember, this was a  multitrillion-dollar bill that proposed to spend more on electric  vehicles than on actual roads and bridges. It contained so many  leftwing pet projects that the authors of the Green New Deal boasted  about just how much of their manifesto's DNA had actually rubbed off.   Well, the administration's approach clearly influenced a number of  Democrats right here in the Senate. Last month, on the same day that  Chairman Carper and Ranking Member Capito were guiding a surface  transportation bill to a unanimous vote, the Finance Committee was busy  marking up a partisan plan to pick winners and losers in the market for  reliable domestic energy.   Just this week, we watched their go-it-alone approach replicated by  Democrats over in the House. The Transportation and Infrastructure  Committee had a perfect opportunity to reach consensus on surface  transportation. Our  [[Page S4026]]  colleagues on the EPW Committee had left a clear roadmap on exactly how  to cut a consensus deal, but instead, the House chairman forced his  committee to mark up $547 billion littered--littered--with Green New  Deal policies.   Compared to the last multiyear highway bill, it nearly doubles the  share of resources for mass urban transit projects, while upping the  road-and-bridge funding Middle America relies on by not nearly as much.  In contrast to smart permit-streaming steps taken by our colleagues'  Senate bill, it largely neglects to help the communities and builders  who spent years wading through Federal redtape before they can even  break ground.   The recent history of investment in roads, bridges, waterways,  airports, and broadband tells us that smart, targeted solutions are  capable of earning overwhelming support. But until Democrats get  serious, the road ahead for consensus action on our Nation's  infrastructure will only get steeper   