 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I am humbled to represent the central coast of  California, one of the most beautiful districts in the Nation, if not  the most beautiful. Places like Los Padres National Forest and the  Carrizo Plain National Monument contain some of the most stunning and  diverse ecosystems found anywhere in North America.   Today, I am pleased to support H.R. 803, the Protecting America's  Wilderness and Public Lands Act. This bill would preserve the natural  beauty and recreational activities available to communities in my  district and beyond.   This measure includes my legislation, H.R. 973, the Central Coast  Heritage Protection Act. I am proud to have worked with Chairman  Grijalva, Representative Brownley, Representative Panetta, and local  stakeholders to ensure that California's central coast was included in  this bill.   In particular, I want to thank the Carrizo Plain Conservancy, Los  Padres Forest Watch, Condor Trail Association, CalWild, Pew Charitable  Trusts, and the Sierra Club for their support and advocacy on behalf of  our public lands.   Title IV of this environmental package would designate nearly 250,000  acres of public land within the Los Padres National Forest and the  Carrizo Plain National Monument as wilderness areas, the highest form  of Federal protection available. It also creates a 400-mile Condor  National Scenic Trail stretching from Los Angeles to Monterey County.   This bill is the culmination of years of collaboration with local  stakeholders and community members. It has garnered support from nearly  500 central coast landowners, businesses, farmers, and local officials;  a testament that protecting our environment and growing our economy are  not mutually exclusive. In fact, they go hand in hand.   In California alone, the outdoor recreation economy is worth $92  billion and employs over 650,000 people. Jobs in manufacturing, retail,  and tourism rely on access to the great outdoors. Climate change poses  a serious threat to this sector of our economy and communities like  mine will bear the brunt of this crisis.   Nearly 25 percent of greenhouse gas emissions come from oil drilling.  That is one reason I am glad the Biden administration has set an  ambitious goal to protect 30 percent of our public lands by 2030. This  bill will help us get there.   Our public lands are an essential asset to our environment and  tourism economy. Passing this bill means we can protect both for  generations to come.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   