 Reserving the right to object, Madam President.    Madam President and colleagues, I yield to no Senator in  my support of this country's senior citizens. My background,  colleagues, I was codirector of the Oregon Gray Panthers, the senior  citizens group, for almost 7 years before I went into public life.   And I know that there is no Senator here who doesn't support senior  citizens, farmers, the extraordinarily important Americans that my  colleagues have been talking about.   But what really has not been explained here--because we all kind of  talk this special lingo around here--is what my colleagues really seek  to do in the Kennedy amendment.   What my colleague from Louisiana wishes to do is rip up an agreement  reached between Democrats and Republicans. Specifically, colleagues,  Senators Schumer and McConnell. So what they did is reach a bipartisan  agreement to defuse an economic timebomb by creating a process to avoid  default.   Senator Kennedy's proposal sticks a flame right back under that fuse.  Now,  [[Page S9027]]  the two parties obviously have different approaches when it comes to  gamesmanship around this country's financial commitments. Setting all  of that aside, the fact is our country is now way too close to default  for the Senate to be playing games.   This debate is almost entirely about financial commitments made under  past Presidents. It doesn't have anything to do with legislation that  is still in the works. That is a fact. The reality is my colleague from  Louisiana seeks to bring the country closer to default. The Senate  ought to be clear on the consequences if that were to come to pass.   Default would be an economic disaster for our country as well as for  individual families and businesses. And, again, colleagues, since  senior citizens came up so frequently, this has been my particular  passion. It is why I went into public service. Social Security stops  going out. Military could stop getting paid. Interest rates go into the  stratosphere, making existing Federal debt even more expensive, if you  go forward with this proposal.   Costs go up for families who want to buy homes or buy cars. Getting a  small business loan becomes more expensive. Jobs across the country are  wiped out amid this turmoil. And all of that would happen right in the  middle of the holidays, when Americans are simply trying to enjoy their  time with families, go out and shop for presents, and enjoy their time  together.    My view is, after almost 2 years of pandemic and economic chaos,  people have had it hard enough. And two leaders--a Democrat and a  Republican--have come together because they understand the Senate  doesn't need to add another catastrophe to their financial challenges,  the challenges I just described--one, by the way, that would be  entirely self-made.   There is an agreement before the Senate, colleagues; an agreement  between the Republican leader and the Democratic leader. That agreement  brought the two sides together. My colleagues must not throw that  agreement away. And I respect all my colleagues--all of them--but I  just believe that this proposal from the Senator from Louisiana is  misguided. It brings our country closer to default.   Therefore, I object.    Reserving the right to object.    Madam President, now, my colleague from South Carolina  began his remarks with two of my very favorite subjects: supporting  America's senior citizens and playing in the NBA, a lifetime dream of  mine.   But the fact is, this unanimous consent request from my colleague is  essentially a different way to do the same thing as the Kennedy  request. And, colleagues, it is wrong for exactly the same reason.   The prospect of default is not simply a matter of the two sides  squaring off over who has got the best talking points. The fact is,  default would just be an economic disaster.   I just laid out what it would mean for our small businesses and our  folks who depend on keeping interest rates from shooting into the  stratosphere, and the military would have difficulty getting paid. That  is not what America wants.   Colleagues, I was just home this weekend. I got around my State, and  what people said overwhelmingly is--they said: ``Hey, I heard you guys  just got together''--I say to my friend from South Carolina--``and you  guys got an agreement on keeping the government open. Heard that wasn't  going to happen.''   And then they said: ``Ron, what you have always tried to do since  those Gray Panther days''--and my colleague from South Carolina knows I  always try to be bipartisan.   They said: ``Keep it going. Keep going with that bipartisan effort.''   Now, they are listening to a debate about my colleagues trying to  bust up an agreement between the Democratic leader, Senator Schumer,  and the Republican leader, Mitch McConnell, to make sure we pay the  bills for costs that have been incurred.   So my colleague from South Carolina has asked for consent, and I  think it would be a mistake for this country and be a mistake  particularly for our country's senior citizens that I have devoted so  much time to. For that reason, I object.   