 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Mr. Johnson, for this  Special Order, talking, unfortunately, about the things that make us  sad to see happening in our country.   Here, before, they were talking about the climate crisis. We sure do  have a climate crisis. We have a climate of unbridled spending  happening in this country without any eye toward the consequences.   Of course, we have a border crisis. We have a law-and-order crisis  going on.   We have a leadership crisis in this country. We are ceding the  leadership of the United States of America to thugs in Russia, China,  and Iran.   We have a political crisis, where everything is politicized, where we  can't even get together on things we agree with because the other side  forces you to take votes that potentially destroy the fabric of our  country, our neighborhoods. The things that we agree on, we can't even  do that here because there has to be a political price to pay for  everything.   Of course, the financial crisis--inflation is here, and it is here to  stay. In May, consumer prices spiked 5 percent from the previous year.  That is the biggest spike since August 2008. Remember that? The  beginning of the Great Recession?   We don't have to be doing this, but I think we are going to do it  again. Overall, prices jumped at a shocking 9.7 percent annualized rate  from March through May. That is 10 percent. Oh, by the way, that  coincides with the time that the Biden fiscal policies started coming  into play. They are beginning to devastate the economy like we knew  they would.   In real terms, if you are driving, you are paying 40 percent more  today than you did at the start of the year.   And it is artificial, right? We closed the Keystone pipeline down. We  let Russia have their pipeline, but we closed ours down. Do you think  the gas isn't coming? It is still coming. We are just paying a lot more  for it because they have to put it on a truck or a train. Heaven  forbid, it can't go through the Keystone pipeline. Oh, we can't have  that.   Guess who pays? Every single one of us. But who does it hurt the  most? Do you remember the days when you were growing up and couldn't  afford to fill up your gas tank? You put five bucks in and prayed you  got to the end of the week? That is who it is hurting, and it is  happening again.   Food prices are up 2.4 percent, and the transport cost of food, up 25  percent. Again, who does it hurt the most?   Meanwhile, the May jobs report shows 9.3 million job openings in the  U.S., nearly a million increase over the numbers for April.   That is the largest increase ever since the Bureau of Labor  Statistics began counting. These are indicators of bad things  happening. They are also indicators and a manifestation of bad policy  when we, as the government, pay more for people to stay home than they  make if they would go to work.   Who can blame them? They are looking out for their economic best  interests. If they can make more staying home, well, God bless them.  They have to because they have to pay the higher prices from all this  inflation that is ``not happening.'' I say that tongue-in-cheek because  that is what the President has told us, and that is what Janet Yellen  told us.   Well, we might have been born at night, Mr. Johnson, but it wasn't  last night. We know it is happening. It is obvious to any Economics 101  student.   The Biden administration and Democrats in Congress have extended  these benefits through September. So guess what? It is just going to  keep going.   Labor is going to cost more, and everything associated with labor is  going to cost more. Who is it going to hurt the most? The people  working the hardest at the bottom trying to make their way out.   Families can't afford it. Do you know who else can't afford it, Mr.  Johnson? My good friend. I have a friend at home. He started a business  51 years ago. He came home from fighting for his country in Vietnam,  and he started a business from scratch 51 years ago. He hired hundreds  of people and was known around the world for his product.   Well, guess what just happened this month?    Mr. Speaker, gotta shut her down, man. Gotta shut her  down. The policies affect people's lives.   Like I said, the President and Secretary Yellen said that inflation  wasn't real just a few months ago. Now they are saying it won't be  permanent. If you believe what they said a couple of months ago, you  might as well believe that.   While they are pursuing another $6 trillion in spending, we can't go  to the bank. We are just going to print it. Guess what is going to  happen? It is going to be runaway inflation, and it is actually going  to threaten the continuation of this very Republic. And that spending  is in addition to the $2.1 trillion budget deficit for the first 8  months of this fiscal year, the largest on record, which follows $3  trillion last year, which was another record.   We just simply can't afford these reckless policies. We love our  country. We want to work with the other side. This isn't working. It is  not working for the American people. It is not working for any of us.   We are at the tipping point in a lot of ways in this country. One of  them is economic, and we can do something about it. But we need the  President to have some fiscal restraint. We need the people in this  body to have some fiscal restraint.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for offering this Special Order  tonight. We don't need to kowtow. We don't need to kneel at the altar  of the green crazy people who want to drive the agenda.   We have a great country, and we could save it. We don't have to let  China open a coal plant--one every week--while we hobble ourselves and  shut ourselves out of the great resources that we have in this country.  We don't have to do it.    