 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Rogers for yielding.   Madam Speaker, our national security is in jeopardy. Russia literally  has over 100,000 troops sitting on Ukraine's doorstep. Iran continues  to threaten the viability of Israel and other regional nations, and  China is preparing to bully the ASEAN nations into submission and  declare their regional hegemony, not just in Hong Kong but the entire  region.   Just this year, China surpassed the United States in battle force  ships and is rapidly approaching parity in our combat aircraft.   Do we have the courage to stand up to these regional tyrants; do we  oppose an Iranian regime who threatens to destabilize neighboring  countries while they seek nuclear capabilities; or even do we seek to  appease a North Korea who continues to threaten South Korea and even  the United States with their nuclear expansion?   Our Nation sits at the precipice of a national security inflection  point. I know which path our Nation should select and I am emboldened  to ensure our Nation is prepared to choose, at a time of our choosing,  what will be in the best interest of our Nation. A strong national  defense is necessary to preserve our democratic ideals and the nations  who seek to live free from subjugation and oppression.   Madam Speaker, that is why I am particularly pleased that we have  rejected a multitude of national security objectives proposed by the  Biden administration. This bill authorizes a 20 percent increase in  ship construction, partially rejects an ill-advised ``divest to  invest'' strategy, and blocks a multitude of poison pills that were  haphazardly tacked on to this bill.   I thank Ranking Member Rogers and his leadership during the top-line  debate this year. We are adopting his authorization vision today, a  vision that ensures real growth for defense. I also particularly thank  Chairman Smith and Chairman Courtney for their approach to national  security and their desire to reach a bipartisan consensus, doing what  is in the best interest of our Nation.   Madam Speaker, I say to my friends that this is a good bill, worthy  of support. It sends a strong message to our democratic partners and  allies that the United States stands with countries that oppose  regional hegemony. We need to pass the National Defense Authorization  Act to ensure our national security.   