 Madam Speaker, the right to keep and bear arms  for self-defense and to ensure we remain a free people is a God-given  right, not a government-bestowed privilege.   We are, however, privileged to live in a country whose Founders  correctly and appropriately recognized this God-given right and  codified it in the highest law of the land, the Constitution.   The wording of the Second Amendment is assumptive in nature. The  right to keep and bear arms is assumed to already exist, and our  Founders merely provided legal clarity and protection that it not be  infringed.   Government officials who do right and follow the Constitution have  nothing to fear from an armed citizenry. However, government officials  who oppress their people and violate their Constitutional oath and the  rights guaranteed by that Constitution for  [[Page H3231]]  the people should rightly fear those people.   As has been said: ``When people fear the government, there is  tyranny; when the government fears the people, there is liberty.''   But this administration believes that the greatest threat to our  country is its own people, its own citizens. This is what oppressive  regimes say.   This administration never misses an opportunity to attack the Second  Amendment by seeking to tax and regulate away our constitutional  rights.   They have blamed law-abiding citizens and licensed firearms dealers  for the recent surge in violent crime in Democrat-run cities.   They have nominated a gun-grabbing radical named David Chipman to  lead the ATF.    President Biden has himself repeatedly belittled gun owners and their  belief that the right to bear arms is essential to freedom. But  President Biden's opinion does not change the Constitution or the  Second Amendment.   In fact, with Biden's crime surge, Biden's border surge, and Democrat  efforts to weaken and undermine law enforcement, it is no wonder  someone recently said to me: ``I carry a gun because I can't carry a  cop.''   Thomas Jefferson once wrote: ``What country can preserve its  liberties if its rulers are not warned from time to time that their  people preserve the spirit of resistance? Let them take arms.''   The Second Amendment protects all other rights and freedoms.   As my friend Chip Roy from Texas said last week at an event we were  at together: ``We will live free.''   The Second Amendment is critical to ensuring that we live free.   