 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 852, I call up  the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 33) joint resolution relating to  increasing the debt limit, and ask for its immediate consideration in  the House.   The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and insert extraneous material on Senate Joint Resolution 33.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I am pleased that today the House will take action to  protect our Nation's full faith and credit. S.J. Res. 33 will ensure  that the United States continues to be a nation that pays its bills,  period.   Without today's action, for the first time in our history, the United  States Government could default on its debt obligations because of the  debt limit, and this would be ruinous for U.S. workers and their  families.   It would trigger a financial crisis on par with that of 2008,  resulting in catastrophic economic damage with millions of jobs lost,  businesses shuttered, and a banking system in chaos.   At a time when our recovery is strong but uncertain, we risk the loss  of six million jobs, an unemployment rate of nearly 9 percent, the  elimination of $15 trillion in household wealth, and a decline in real  GDP of 4 percent.   Nonpartisan Moody's Analytics economist Mark Zandi predicted that  following a default, a global market panic on the scale of the 2008  financial crisis would ensue.   J.P. Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon predicted that such a default could  ``cause an immediate, literally cascading catastrophe of unbelievable  proportions and damage America for 100 years.''   If the United States were to default, it would likely prompt a  lasting downgrade of the country's credit that would drastically  increase costs for mortgages, car loans, student loans, credit card  bills, and other borrowing. This would threaten the livelihoods of the  very people we are here to represent.   I want to be very clear. Raising the debt ceiling is not about  incurring new debts. We are simply ensuring the Federal Government  keeps its existing commitments, that it pays the bills we have already  racked up.   By raising the debt limit, we are meeting our existing obligations to  members of the military, veterans, and recipients of Medicare,  Medicaid, and Social Security.   In fact, 97 percent of the debts currently necessitating an increase  were accrued prior to the Biden administration, many of which were  passed with bipartisan support. This includes emergency pandemic relief  measures, increased defense spending, and continued government  operations.   Madam Speaker, the time to act is now. Treasury Secretary Yellen has  issued a dire warning: Without congressional action by tomorrow, the  government will be left with insufficient funds to finance government  operations.   Over 50 million seniors could stop receiving Social Security checks  for a time. Troops would go unpaid. Millions of families who rely on  the monthly child tax credit could see delays. Our current economic  recovery would reverse into recession, with billions of dollars of  growth and millions of jobs lost.   As the 2011 debt ceiling crisis shows, even narrowly avoiding a  default costs  [[Page H7817]]  the country billions of dollars. While raising the debt ceiling does  not, on its own, create new debts for the United States Government, a  failure to do so certainly would.   Congress has addressed the debt limit 79 times since 1960 to prevent  default; 30 times with a Democrat in the White House, 49 times under a  Republican President. In fact, under President Trump, Congress took  action to address the debt limit three times and did so without drama.  Today's action should be no different.   I urge my colleagues to support this measure to lift the debt  ceiling, continue paying our bills, and ensure our continued economic  recovery.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi), the Speaker of the House of Representatives.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, very briefly, it seems my Republican friends would  like to make this debate about the bipartisan infrastructure bill and  about the Build Back Better bill despite the fact that these were  wildly popular with the American people. Listening to my Republican  friends, it sounds like we are in a desperate country instead of one  that has created 6 million jobs so far this year, an all-time record  that has 6 percent GDP growth expected this year. Our unemployment rate  is 4.2 percent. It has recovered faster than any time in American  history.   We are about to fund daycare for American working families, bring 3-  and 4-year-olds to school. The child tax credit will be extended.   Our infrastructure bills are going to build more roads and highways,  electric grid, broadband, fix the lead pipes.   All this is in two bills that are paid for--that are paid for--every  penny. When people suggest that the benefits may be extended, we have  also promised to pay for them if that, in fact, happens.   You complain that we haven't done the appropriations bill. This House  did the appropriations bill. But in the Senate, which requires 60  votes, the appropriations bill didn't happen over there.   Madam Speaker, this is not about two very good bills, two paid-for  bills that don't increase the deficit, that don't add to inflation. It  is about the simple fact that we need to pay our bills.   It is a simple bill. This vote should be simple.   During the Trump administration, the Republicans added $7.9  trillion--50 percent--to the national debt. Their Tax Cuts and Jobs Act  alone added $1.9 trillion. We have to pay for that. That is what we are  paying for tonight.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues, Democrat and Republican, to vote  for this good Senate joint resolution to lift the debt ceiling.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   