 Madam President, I take this time to talk about the work  of the U.S. Helsinki Commission in a recent opportunity we had to  participate in the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly.   I am joined on the floor by Senator Wicker, who is the Republican  chair of the Helsinki Commission. The two of us have worked together in  a nonpartisan, bipartisan manner in regards to the work of the Helsinki  Commission. I just want to spend a few minutes, and then I am going to  yield the floor and allow Senator Wicker to give his comments.   The OSCE, as the chair is fully aware as a member of the Commission,  represents the U.S. participation in the Organization for Security and  Co-operation in Europe--57 states, which includes all of Europe, all of  the former Republics of the Soviet Union, and Canada and the United  States.   The Commission works on the principle of three buckets: one for  political affairs and security, another for economic and environmental  progress, and the third on democracy and human rights. But it  recognizes--and I think this has been the hallmark of the Helsinki  Commission--that you can't have advancements on political affairs or  security or economic or environmental progress unless you make progress  on democracy and human rights, that they are interwoven. In the  Helsinki Commission, the OSCE is best known for its advancements for  basic human rights.   So I think of the initiatives that we have had in the Helsinki  Commission for dealing with trafficking in humans and the legislation  that came out of that and how we led the global response to dealing  with trafficking. I think about the efforts we made in regards to  tolerance, dealing with anti-Semitism, racism, and intolerance and how  we have made progress throughout the entire OSCE region. I think about  the issues we did in regards to sanctions against human rights  violators so they cannot use our banking system or visit our country,  the Magnitsky-type sanctions. All of that came out of the work of the  Helsinki Commission.   So one of the major arms of our work is the OSCE Parliamentary  Assembly, which is the group of parliamentarians who meet every year  and have meetings throughout the year to exchange views and to carry  out the principles of the Helsinki Final Act.   For the last year and a half, we have been compromised because we  haven't had an opportunity to meet in person, and it required us to  meet by internet, and we have, but we had a unique opportunity during  the last recess period to actually travel and meet with the  parliamentarians. We had an OSCE Parliamentary Assembly annual meeting  in Vienna. And we had a chance to do this in a hybrid manner. So we  were able to travel 12-strong from the U.S. Congress to be at that  meeting, and we were joined by five others here in the United States,  including our Presiding Officer, to participate in the Parliamentary  Assembly, and we were able to advance a lot of very important issues.   But I must tell you, we were noticed at this meeting. The U.S.  presence was critically important in dealing with some very timely  issues. I know that Senator Wicker will talk about this. He is one of  the great leaders of the Parliamentary Assembly. He is Vice President  of the Parliamentary Assembly. We are very proud of the leadership  position that he holds.   By the way, his election was in Vienna to be the Vice President of  the Parliamentary Assembly. We had multiple candidates and several  elected to Vice Presidents, but Senator Wicker led the ballot with the  largest number of votes, which I think speaks to his well-thought-of  respect among the OSCE parliamentarians.   We wanted to make sure that this was a substantive meeting. Quite  frankly, the leadership of the Parliamentary Assembly said: Let's just  get in there and get it over with and not bring up anything  controversial. But that is not the way we operate. We have to take up  current issues.   So we took up the issue of tolerance. I was happy to sponsor a  resolution that ultimately passed by unanimous vote that speaks to  anti-Semitism, racism, intolerance, and the growth of hate in the OSCE  region. But we also made sure that we considered the recent elections  in Belarus and how unfair those elections were and how Mr. Lukashenko  has been acting in a way that is so contrary to the human rights of the  people who live there, and the election results there do not reflect  the will of the people.   We also had a chance to make sure we took up the issues concerning  Ukraine. Once again, there was a lot of controversy on why you should  bring that up during this meeting. We did. We supported that to make it  clear that Russia's aggression and its occupation of Crimea and its  interference in eastern Ukraine will never be recognized as legitimate  by the United States or, by that matter, the Parliamentary Assembly,  because we responded in all of those areas.   I am pleased to tell you that we supported Margareta Cederfelt, who  is going to be the President of the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly in  Sweden, and we look forward to her visit here in the United States.   Richard Hudson, Representative Hudson, will be the chair of the first  committee. So we are going to have active participation in the  Parliamentary Assembly.   We had the chance to visit some other countries. But if I might, I  think I am going to yield the floor and give my good friend and the  leader of our congressional delegation trip an opportunity to expand on  some of the things we were able to do in the OSCE Parliamentary  Assembly.   With that, I yield the floor.    Madam President, let me again thank Senator Wicker. Thank  you for your leadership on so many issues.   But on this congressional delegation, for those who are not familiar,  it is not easy to put together the type of opportunities to advance  American values. And Senator Wicker took the responsibility as the  leader of our delegation to make sure that we had the opportunities to  advance American values. I thank him for all the effort he put into it.  It was certainly extremely successful.   I just want to emphasize a few things before closing.   One, in Vienna, we did have an opportunity to meet with Rafael  Grossi, who is the Director General of the IAEA. That is the  International Atomic Energy Agency, which has the responsibility of  monitoring the nuclear programs throughout the world. Obviously, it has  played a bigger role in regard to the program in Iran, and it was  monitoring exactly what was happening in Iran under the JCPOA. They now  don't have the same access, and we had a chance to talk with the  Director General as to the challenges with the Iranian program. And I  think it was helpful for all of us to understand exactly the role that  the IAEA can play in regard to getting us information about what is  happening on the ground in Iran.   Senator Wicker talked about our visit to Estonia, a strong ally  partner, NATO partner. We showed our support by going to Narva, which  is on the Russian border. It is a town that has a majority of Russian- speaking Estonians. It is an interesting community. But we could see  across the river, very clearly, the Russian patrol boats. We know and  heard firsthand of the concern of the Estonians. They saw what happened  in Ukraine and they worry that same thing could happen in Estonia with  Russian aggression.   I must tell you, our presence to reinforce the NATO commitment, I  think, was an extremely important message that we gave to the Estonian  people.    I would be glad to yield.    Madam President, let me move onto Bulgaria very briefly.  Senator Wicker did cover Bulgaria.   The Three Seas Initiative, I wasn't that familiar with it before  traveling to Bulgaria. It is an initiative by 12 States that are  basically part of the Eastern European Coalition, states that are  developing democratic institutions and democratic economies after the  fall of the Soviet Union. They need to build up their resilience as a  collective entity in energy, transportation, and digital  infrastructure.   The Three Seas Initiative is to attract investment to connect the 12  countries together on infrastructure needs. It is for many reasons. It  is for its own economic strength and growth, but also for resiliency  against the efforts of China on its Belt and Road Initiative, which is  trying to infiltrate  [[Page S5009]]  these countries and convert their way of economy to more of the Chinese  system.   The Three Seas Initiative is an effort to have their own independent  way of attracting capital. The United States is participating in the  Three Seas. We are not a member, but we are participating and providing  resources for the fund that is being developed that would be leveraged  for these type of investments.   While we were in Bulgaria, we had a chance to have bilateral  meetings. There were 12 Heads of state there. We had bilateral meetings  with the President of Poland, Bulgaria, Latvia, and Romania. We had  very constructive discussions about what is happening in their country.   We raised Helsinki issues with all these countries. Senator Wicker  already talked about how we were welcomed by the Bulgarian leadership  in regards to the imposition of the Magnitsky sanctions. We are heroes.  They feel like they have a second chance to try to develop the type of  anti-corruption mechanisms that they desperately need.   Our visit to Varna, which is on the Black Sea, was very educational  to see how Russia is trying to dominate the Black Sea area and one of  the reasons why they are so aggressive in Ukraine and the Crimea.   I think that was extremely helpful for us to understand the security  risks and how we have to work with our NATO partners to protect the  Black Sea area, particularly from the potential aggression--not  potential--from the aggression of Russia.   Also in Bulgaria, we had a chance to visit a Roma village. It is not  my first visit to a Roma village. I have visited over the years. It is  a real tragic situation. The Roma population have been in Europe for  centuries. They lived in communities for hundreds of years, yet they do  not have property rights.   They have lived in their homes, and yet they do not have the  opportunity to have their homes registered. And at any time, the  government can come in and take away their property without  compensation.   They rarely have reliable utilities.   The village we visited did not have water systems, so they had to use  outhouses, et cetera. They had limited availability of fresh water.  Their utility service is not reliable. And they go to segregated  schools. They don't have the same employment opportunities.   So we, once again, will raise the rights of the Roma population as  part of our commitment under the Helsinki Commission, and we are  following up with the local officials to try to help in that regard.   Then, lastly, on our way back, we visited Norway. I learned a lot  because I did not know about the pre-positioning program. I know my  friend Senator Wicker already knew about this from his Armed Services  service, but it is where we pre-position equipment so that we can  respond rapidly to a circumstance anywhere in the world. The Norway  pre-positioning is actually used to help us in regard to the Middle  East and our needs in the Middle East.   So it was an extremely, extremely, I think, productive visit to these  countries. I think we did carry out our commitment under the Helsinki  Commission, and we advanced American values. I think we represented our  country well, and we were very well noticed.   With that, I yield the floor.    Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   