 I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Keller), my  good friend and colleague, for yielding.   Madam Speaker, veterans and their families have made many sacrifices  for our great Nation. Through their service, these men and women have  earned numerous benefits, and those benefits are validated by the  member's individual service record.   The repository for those records is the National Personnel Records  Center. The center is behind in its work. With the pandemic, the  backlog to obtain military records jumped from 56,000 to over 500,000  requests. That is a tenfold increase.   That is 500,000 veterans and their families who are waiting on  documentation that they need to apply for and receive benefits that  they earned, including the GI Bill education benefits, VA loans,  medical benefits, disability compensation, life insurance, and even  burial benefits for their families.   When these issues were first reported last year, the National  Personnel Records Center stated that the pandemic prevented their  employees from being able to process record requests in a safe  environment. As such, Congress appropriated additional funds to address  the center's concerns and to help expedite the digitization of records.   However, the center did not grant its employees the proper technology  to work from home during the pandemic until early 2021, nearly a year  after the pandemic began. This choice by the center only compounded the  worsening backlog.   Also, the Archivist of the United States, who oversees the NPRC's  operations, noted in his latest correspondence to Congress that he  expects the center to eliminate the backlog of veteran requests by the  end of fiscal year 2022. That means this time next year, a whole year.  This is simply unacceptable.   Each Member of this body has at least one veteran in their district  impacted by this backlog, probably many, many veterans. It is time for  all of us  [[Page H5869]]  to step up to the plate to demand results. Show us that these record  requests are being processed in a timely manner.   I commend Representative Keller for spearheading this tonight to fix  this issue. Part of that is through the introduction of his bill, the  RECORDS Act. I appreciate his efforts very much, and I am proud to join  him in this fight. I thank him for the invitation to participate.   