 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I want to  commend my colleague from Oregon and his comments. As a matter of fact,  I don't disagree with pretty much anything he said.   I had my first good meeting with Mr. Sams this morning, and I would  agree, I think he is qualified. I am particularly impressed with his  background as a Native American, as a veteran.   One thing I like to talk a lot about is how our Alaskan Native  American populations serve at higher rates in the military than any  other ethnic group in the country--special patriotism. Mr. Sams  certainly carries that tradition on quite well.    And I have already talked to Senator Wyden. I intend to work with him  and Mr. Sams just on a few more issues, a few more discussions. Again,  we had a very good conversation this morning.   This is nothing about his qualifications, but I wanted to make sure  the administration is aware of some issues, at very high levels, as it  relates to this position, this job. And, again, I agree with my  colleague from Oregon; this is an extraordinarily important Federal  Agency. As a matter of fact, it is so important for my State that I  want to explain a little bit to my colleagues, many of whom don't  really know what the National Park Service does. But to my State, it is  enormously important; it is powerful; and it can touch on people's  lives in huge ways.   Let me just give you a little bit of the numbers. The Federal  Government manages roughly 66 percent of the lands in Alaska. Of that,  the Park Service controls 55 million acres. Two-thirds of all National  Park Service land--two-thirds of the land that Mr. Sams will be in  charge of is in my State. A lot of people don't recognize that. A lot  of people don't understand that. Alaskans understand that--two-thirds.   So he is one of the big, important landlords of the great State of  Alaska. And, as you can imagine, this Agency has outsized influence in  Alaska beyond what these numbers represent--for hunting, for fishing,  for transportation, for culture, and for people's livelihoods.   And this has been an Agency, to be quite frank, that has been abusing  its power in Alaska for decades--Democrat administrations and  Republican administrations.   In 1980, this body passed the Alaska National Interest Lands  Conservation Act--what we call in Alaska ANILCA. The Congress took 100  million acres of Alaska lands. We weren't supportive, by the way,  Alaska--100 million acres. That is bigger than almost any State  represented in the U.S. Senate, bigger than two Minnesotas.   And a huge part of ANILCA laid out how the National Park Service  would interact with Alaskans. For decades, Alaskans were saying that  the way in which the National Park Service was treating Alaskans--by  the way, Alaska Natives in particular--was not according to the law,  was not according to ANILCA.   And it wasn't just Alaskans saying this. In the last 4 years, there  have been two U.S. Supreme Court decisions--they are referred to as the  ``Sturgeon'' decisions--where an Alaskan who wanted to go hunting sued  the National Park Service, and it went all the way to the Supreme  Court. And the U.S. Supreme Court twice in the last 4 years, 9 to 0--9  to 0--agreed with Alaskans that the National Park Service was not  following the law as it related to ANILCA.   As Justice Kagan, who wrote one of the opinions, said, ``Alaska is  often the exception, not the rule'' to issues relating to Federal lands  and access.   Now, as you can imagine, the National Park Service did not like  getting slammed by the U.S. Supreme Court twice 9-zip, but we liked it.  It was a vindication of what Alaskans, for decades, have been saying  about the abuse of power of the National Park Service.   So I want to work with Senator Wyden and Mr. Sams on further  conversations, soon--we are not trying to block this; I know the  National Park Service needs leadership, and I think he would be a good  leader--but to look at making sure the implementation of these two U.S.  Supreme Court decisions, 9 to 0, are followed through by the entire  bureaucracy. It is not much to ask.   These are topics I raised with Mr. Sams today. He seemed to be in  agreement with me. But these issues are enormously important to the  people I represent.   And I am going to mention one final thing, and it is not really in  Mr. Sams' area of expertise, but I mentioned this to him as well.   All Americans have been experiencing economic, pandemic-related pain  over the last 20 months. My State, I think, has been hit as hard as any  other State, particularly on the economic side. And I want to just  raise this topic right now because I am going to come down on the  Senate floor and talk about it a lot more here. But it relates to some  of these issues.   This administration, the Biden administration, in the last 10 months,  has issued 19 Executive orders or Executive actions solely focused on  my State--19. There is no other State in the country--not Maryland, not  Oregon, no other State in the country--that is getting this kind of  attention from the new administration, and it is attention that we  don't want because almost every one of these Executive orders and  Executive actions is hurting working families, is hurting our economy,  is hurting access to our lands at a time when we are already hurting.   I just want to ask my colleagues, respectfully, especially on the  other side of the aisle, could you imagine a Republican administration  coming in and saying, ``We are going to issue 19 Executive orders and  actions targeting Maryland or Delaware or Oregon or Massachusetts''?  Senators would be on the floor, rightfully, sticking up for their State  and their fellow citizens.   This is a challenging time right now. Working families are hurting  with inflation, high energy costs, and we have an administration in the  White House that thinks it is fine to target the great State of Alaska.  Well, it is not fine. It is not fine. It is a war on working families  in my State, and I would hope all of my colleagues would recognize that  this isn't appropriate. This isn't appropriate.   And it is not just these actions. The White House has made it known  that it has gone to financial institutions throughout the country-- banks, insurance companies--saying: Don't invest in American energy  projects in the Arctic--also known as Alaska.   So I am not going to hold this against Mr. Sams. My colleague from  Oregon I have a lot of respect for. But, literally, every major project  that is resource development, employs people, helps working families-- by the way, there are some that aren't economic. There is a law that we  passed in the U.S. Senate 3 years ago to help Alaska Native Vietnam  veterans. It was my bill. I care deeply about these great warriors who  were really screwed by their country when they came home from Vietnam.   The administration has delayed the implementation of that bill for 2  years. There will be Vietnam veterans--Alaska Native Vietnam vets--in  my State who will die before they get the benefit because they just  thought they could do another hit on Alaska.   So I ask my colleagues to just put yourself in my State's position.  None of you would accept that. And I am going to start talking about  it, and I am going to start raising these issues. And I hope I can get  some of my colleagues--Republicans and Democrats--to maybe reach out to  the White House, going: Hey, this really isn't appropriate. Alaska has  had a rough time. Everybody has had a rough time in America, but  really? Nineteen Executive orders and actions?   These are just the Alaska-specific ones. There are broader Federal  ones that impact us too. But I want to work with Senator Wyden. I want  to work with Mr. Sams, particularly on that issue I raised earlier. I  think he is  [[Page S8426]]  going to be very well qualified. I admire his desire to serve, his  background, and especially his Navy background.   And I intend to lift my hold very soon, but right now I am objecting.  But my goal would be to have this nominee, who is qualified, after  further discussions with me and Senator Wyden, moved to be confirmed by  the U.S. Senate. But, for now, I object.    Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from  Oregon, and I will commit to working with him to try and get this done  before we head out to recess.   We know the treasures of Alaska. As I mentioned, two-thirds of all  the Park Service in the country is in my State, which is why I want to  make sure I am having followup conversations--I had a good one already  with Mr. Sams--to get commitments on a few additional issues that  matter deeply not just to the Park Service and for America but, really,  to my State. But you have my commitment to work with you and Mr. Sams  on a few more of these issues.   And, if I may, for all my colleagues, right--and I am glad to hear  Senator Wyden mention this--this shouldn't be happening with one State.  There is a Biden White House war on the State of Alaska. No one is  getting treatment like this, and it shouldn't be this way. If a  Republican President were in attacking Maryland or Oregon like that, I  would call the White House going: Hey, lay off, guys. Lay off.   So I sure hope some of my colleagues--Republican and Democrats--can  send the message to Joe Biden, the President, that you know, the war on  working families in Alaska is not really a good idea. They are  Americans, too, and they have got a lot of resources to produce for our  great Nation, which we need right now.   So with that, I yield the floor.    Madam President, in reserving the right to object, I am  requesting a vote on my amendment No. 4329.   I am very disappointed that my Democratic colleagues will refuse to  vote on this very simple, very important, very constitutionally correct  amendment that also dramatically could impact military readiness, which  is why it is so important to discuss it here as we are debating the  NDAA.   My amendment is simple. It prohibits the Department of Defense from  enforcing President Biden's vaccine mandate on contractors and  subcontractors. That is it.   Why is this important?   Well, look, we all want to put the vaccine behind us. There is no  doubt about that. We have all been vaccinated here. I think most of us  have encouraged our constituents, in consultation with their  physicians, to do the same.   First and foremost, as to this vaccine mandate, it is becoming  increasingly clear it is not constitutionally based, and it is not  based in statute, and I think the American people are seeing that on a  daily basis. So it is an issue of not just the constitutional authority  of the President, but it is an issue of the principle that got us all  through the pandemic last year.   If you will remember, one of the most important principles that we  had as we were working on COVID relief--whether in the CARES Act or  other aspects of legislation that we had with regard to COVID relief  for our citizens--was this: If you got relief, whether you were a small  business, from the PPP, or were an airline or a defense contractor, the  law said you had to keep your employees--that you had to keep them  together--employers and employees together. That was the principle that  all of us--Democrats and Republicans and the Trump administration-- agreed on during the pandemic, and it worked. Many of these workers  were on the front lines, helping us get through the pandemic.   This President, with his mandate, has taken a sledgehammer to that  principle. Not only are we now saying employers and employees stick  together; he is saying to employers: If you don't listen to the  President, employers in America, you have to fire your employees.   Think about that. That is exactly the opposite of what we all agreed  on last year as we were trying to get this Nation through the pandemic.  So it is fairness. It is the principle that matters.   And here is the final thing--and I think we are going to see this. It  is a readiness issue for our military.   I have been talking to the White House. I am trying to get them to  rescind this mandate. They have consistently said: Well, it is only  going to impact about 1 percent of the workforce. We can't afford  anybody getting fired from their job, but they think it is about 1  percent.   I was home in Alaska last weekend. This could impact contractors, and  10, 15, 20 percent of their workforce might not be working--defense  contractors--hurting readiness.   Again, during the pandemic, we were asking these Americans to show up  at work and make sure our defense industries were strong, and now the  President is telling these same contractors: Go fire your employees-- oh, by the way, over the holidays.   So I think this is a very simple, reasonable amendment that will help  readiness. Therefore, I ask to modify the request to include my  amendment No. 4329.    Madam President, I object.    Madam President.    Madam President, I just want to thank Senator Wyden for  his cooperation working on this nominee. Mr. Sams, I do agree, is  qualified.   We had a long discussion this afternoon about some of the big issues  that are impacting my State as it relates to the National Park Service.   You know, a lot of people love the National Park Service. Two-thirds  of all National Park Service land in America is in Alaska--tens of  millions of acres. It is bigger than almost every other State  represented here on the Senate floor. That is just the National Park  Service.   For decades, that Federal authority--the National Park Service  authority in Alaska--has been abused. How do we know that it has been  abused? Well, we recently had two--two--U.S. Supreme Court decisions  that were 9-to-0 decisions, by the way, that essentially said the Park  Service was not following the law in Alaska--two.   So my discussions with Mr. Sams and the commitments he made to me, I  think, are going to help Alaska. I think they are going to help the  National Park Service, and it is related to the National Park Service  authorities.   After these two decisions--they were called the Sturgeon decisions-- two in a row, at the U.S. Supreme Court, 9 to 0, by the way, and the  U.S. Supreme Court telling the National Park Service: You are not  following the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act. We call  it ANILCA in Alaska. You are not following the Federal Government. You  need to follow it.   So the commitment I got from Mr. Sams was there was a recent  regulation from the Federal Government in November of 2020 providing  specifics of how the National Park Service was going to implement these  two U.S. Supreme Court cases--the Sturgeon case. And he committed to me  to be true to these regulations and to faithfully execute these  regulations in the National Park Service on implementing Sturgeon. That  is a very big deal in Alaska.   He also committed to have all of his senior Alaska staff and senior  staff here in Washington, DC, take ANILCA training. This is a giant  statute. The Federal Government often screws it up, and it has a  negative impact on my State. So he committed to me that he will have  his top leadership at the National Park Service take training to  understand this complicated law. That will also help my constituents  and the country very much.   So I want to, again, thank Senator Wyden for working with me on these  issues. These are important commitments that Mr. Sams has made, and I  have no further objection to this nominee's confirmation.   