 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished ranking member of  the House Financial Services Committee for yielding and, of course, the  chairman of the Subcommittee on Investor Protection, Entrepreneurship,  and Capital Markets, Mr. Sherman, for his leadership. On this side of  the aisle, there is absolutely no debate that Mr. Sherman has the most  passion on this topic as a certified public accountant and that his  questions about improving this bill are unlimited.   I rise today in support of this effort, flawed as it might be, and  support the Adjustable Interest Rate Act of 2021.   As the chairman of the subcommittee said, for decades, the London  interbank market has been the institutional fixed income rate used by  hundreds of market participants to benefit American families because  that LIBOR rate has been a very competitive rate and facilitated  securities being issued that facilitated in more houses being built for  more families in America, a liquid market for our families' credit card  debt, and important student loan debt.   So this rate is critically important, and it is a part of, also, the  U.S. dollar, Mr. Speaker, being at the forefront of the global  securities market.   As the ranking member on our Housing, Community Development, and  Insurance Subcommittee, it was the go-to rate for mortgage-backed  securities and for use of the government secondary mortgage market for  Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. I think the chairman has outlined the  importance of this.   This bill deals with all those contracts that depended on that LIBOR  [[Page H7485]]  rate that just stubbornly don't have an alternative right now. As we  approach the end of the quote for this important interest rate, there  are contracts--the chair says some $16 trillion of bonds outstanding-- that need this replacement contractual rate.   This bill does not increase government. This bill does not increase  regulatory power. This bill facilitates the private-sector bond market  solving this tough, thorny issue for the stubborn minority of bond  market transactions that we call these legacy issues.   Now, the gentleman from Michigan, the gentleman from California, and  I have listened to and worked on this bill for years, and we thought  the Federal Reserve and the regulators were going to solve this problem  years ago. That is what they told us years ago.   But as those years have gone by, they found that they can't solve  this problem in the regulatory agencies, and they have turned to  Congress to legislate and craft a narrow fix to solve these tough  contracts.   Mr. Speaker, that is why I am in favor of taking this action today. I  encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle--this is a technical  issue, and it is an eyes-glazed-over issue, but it affects all the  families in our country. It affects the importance of the U.S. dollar  in capital markets. When LIBOR concludes in June 2023, we don't want  any gap, Mr. Speaker, in the ability to have those legacy contracts  move forward.   I don't believe this is a bill that anyone should oppose. I think we  all should support it. It has the support of the six regulatory  agencies; it has the support of the financial industry; and it deals  with reality.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend from Michigan for yielding me  the time. I thank him for his work. Yes, this process was flawed, first  in the hands of the regulators, and, secondly, I think it could have  been far better in the majority, particularly as it relates to getting  the views of the Ways and Means Committee and the Education and Labor  Committee.   