 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from Ohio for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4067, the  Communications Security, Reliability, and Interoperability Council Act.  I would like to thank my colleagues, Representatives Slotkin and  Schrader, for joining me in leading on this important legislation.   Though we don't agree on every issue, I am proud of our bipartisan  record when it comes to securing our Nation's communications networks  [[Page H5659]]  and maintaining our leadership in next-generation wireless technology.   H.R. 4067 codifies an existing FCC council advisory council, the  Communications Security, Reliability, and Interoperability Council,  better known as CSRIC.   First established in 1992 under its previous name as the Network  Reliability Council, CSRIC makes key recommendations to the FCC on a  range of public safety and national security issues--everything from  deploying next-generation 911 systems to emergency alerting during  storms and disasters, to addressing threats from foreign adversaries.    At a legislative hearing earlier this year, we heard from  cybersecurity experts who said that CSRIC is one of the ``crown  jewels'' of our Government and that there would be tremendous, long- term value in backing it up statutorily while retaining its flexibility  to tackle the new challenges of the day.   Another former CSRIC panel member spoke to how other countries around  the world look to this body to implement best communications and  security practices. He said--and I agree with him--that CSRIC is one of  the unique platforms which enables the U.S. to lead the rest of the  world in 5G, 6G, and beyond.   As the world becomes increasingly digital and our communications  systems advance toward open-source software platforms, cyberattacks and  threats are only going to increase. We have to be prepared as a nation  to meet this moment, and CSRIC helps us do that.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4067.   