 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I have good  news for my colleagues from Illinois and Rhode Island, and that is that  the modification that I am suggesting to the unanimous consent request  proffered by the Senator from Illinois is not complicated. It has  nothing to do with budget rules, and, in fact, it is the simplest thing  in the world.   Now, the Senator from Illinois wants to put more money and money from  a new source into the Crime Victims Fund. I completely agree. I fully  support it. I have liked this idea from the first time I heard of it,  and I supported it.   But there is something that is important to note here. The Crime  Victims Fund is a Federal Government account, and the Senator is very  determined that more money go into that account.   So what do we disagree on? Well, it is very simple. The Senator from  Illinois seems to be equally determined that there can be no  requirement that the money actually come out of that account and go to  crime victims and their advocates. That is the only thing that I want  to do differently. It is to insist that money going into that account  actually comes out and goes to the victims of crime and their  advocates.   Now, if my concern that this money is not going to end up going where  it is advertised to go is not valid, then, I don't know why my  colleagues wouldn't agree to my very narrow amendment which, by the  way, doesn't have a thing to do with budget rules. I don't attempt to  change budget rules in this effort. We should change them, but this  isn't where I am trying to do it. What I am simply trying to do is to  make sure that the money that goes into the account--the increase,  too--actually goes to where it is supposed to go, which is to the  victims of crimes and their advocates.   So you have to ask yourself: Why would somebody oppose the proposal  that this money actually be required to go to victims and their  advocates? Why would somebody oppose that?   Maybe it is because there is some other place that some of this money  is meant to go, and that is at the heart of this. See, under the  ridiculous rules we operate under, if the money doesn't end up going to  crime victims and their advocates, then, it frees up additional money  to be spent on whatever anybody else wants to spend it on. The money  that is withheld from the people who are supposed to get it, crime  victims and their advocates, creates the opportunity to spend more on  who knows what.    Now, would anyone actually do this or is this just a theoretical  construct that I have made up? Well, let's take a look at the recent  history. The fact is, since 2000, in the year 2000, over $80 billion  that could have and should have gone to crime victims and their  advocates was intentionally withheld so that more money could be spent  in other categories.   What this chart shows is the amount of money year in and year out. It  starts in 2000. You see these low bars. Well under a billion dollars  was actually allocated to crime victims.   There was much more money going into those accounts--much more  money--because, you see, how much going into the account isn't the only  thing that matters. What is actually, ultimately, much more important  is how much comes out of the account and goes to the crime victims. And  only when I and some of my colleagues started raising hell about this-- the dishonesty, the deception, the fact that the crime victims and  their advocates weren't getting nearly what they were supposed to be  getting--only then--this is the red line that represents when we  started doing this--that is when the allocations started to change.   This graph represents the huge surge in funds that we have been  sending to crime victims and their advocates in recent years because  some of us were no longer willing to tolerate this and we were raising  Cain about what had been going on.   Now, what I am simply trying to do is to prevent us from going back  to what was routine around here, what was standard operating procedure,  which was to deceive people, pretend that money was going to end up  going to the Crime Victims Fund when everybody knew it wasn't.   Now, why would I be concerned that we might be going back in that  direction? Well, I will tell you why. President Biden has been very  instructive about this. In his budget that he released just months ago,  he actually specifies that in his budget he wants money to be diverted  from the crime victims fund, which is mentioned by name, and one other  fund, so that more money can be spent on other purposes.   This is my concern. This isn't something that has been made up. This  is President Biden in his budget asking us to go right back to what we  used to do.   So, then, when I come down here and I suggest one modification to the  very constructive idea that we add this settlement money to the fund,  and the modification is that the money actually has to go to crime  victims and their advocates, that is objected to. People are insistent  that we not have a requirement that this money actually be allocated.   So someone might think that that is a pretty strong body of evidence  that suggests that maybe all of this money isn't going to end up where  it is supposed to go.   Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Senator modify his  request to include my amendment, which is at the desk; that it be  considered and agreed to; and that the bill, as amended, be considered  read a third time and passed, and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Reserving the right to object, this is an amazing  argument that the Senator from Illinois is making. He is saying: Don't  worry. He would never do what the Senator from Pennsylvania is  suggesting might happen and which, by the way, always used to happen,  and, which, by the way, the President is asking us to do. We would  never do it. Oh, but I will object to a requirement that the money  actually go where we say it is going to go.   I think that tells us all we need to know. So I object.   