 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, this has already been a big week in  Tokyo for Team USA, and I hope all of my colleagues have the  opportunity to watch a few minutes of the Olympic Games over the next  few weeks.   Every year, we hear so much from commentators and athletes about how  the Games are an opportunity for the world to come together, and that  is exactly how it once was. Unfortunately, the Olympics are also a  target-rich environment for people and regimes that want to use these  rare moments of unity to trick the world into ignoring evil.   Before we were able to enjoy any of this year's double-pike vaults or  400-meter freestyle swims, we were already worrying about the impending  havoc casting a shadow over the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics.   Late last year, the Chinese Government began pilot testing a new  digital currency that will inevitably knock other domestic mobile  payment systems out of the marketplace.   The digital yuan trial has already pulled in $5.3 billion--that is  correct, $5.3 billion--in transactions, and this month we learned that  cross-border payments are also on the table. In fact, the trial has  been so successful that Beijing wants to expand testing at the 2022  Winter Olympics.   Now, as much as I would like to believe that this is an innocent  effort to bring the world a little closer together, this is the Chinese  Communist Party that we are talking about, and we shouldn't expect good  faith because that is not what we are going to get from the CCP. We  have reason to believe that the Chinese Government intends to use the  digital yuan to conduct a massive surveillance operation on Chinese  citizens and foreign visitors.   It wouldn't be the first time something like this happened. The CCP  has an unfortunate history of weaponizing emerging technologies against  people they would like to control. They used it against the Uighurs,  against freedom fighters in Hong Kong, and on the mainland against  anyone who questions their party propaganda.   They are already using digital payment platforms to spy on their own  people; and if we are not careful, they are going to use them to spy on  Team USA.   This month, I sent a letter to the U.S. Olympic & Paralympic  Committee asking them to forbid our athletes from accepting or using  the digital yuan while competing in Beijing.   The threats are changing, and far too often we see our allies and  partners and even our own government ignoring those threats to preserve  the status quo.   You may be asking yourself: Why is so much of the world willing to  look the other way when confronted with genocide in Xinjiang or  murdered protesters in Hong Kong?   It is because speaking up can be dangerous, especially when it comes  to challenging the CCP.   China boasts the most in-demand market in the world. In fact, it is  such a gold mine that you will recall the NBA ignored large-scale child  abuse at its training camps in China just to maintain access to  broadcast advertising and merchandise revenue.  [[Page S5065]]    Through the Belt and Road Initiative, the Chinese Communist Party has  sunk its teeth into some of the most valuable tourist destinations on  the face of the Earth, on trade route, and strategic outposts.   They have sold this program as an economic development initiative,  but in reality this debt-trap diplomacy is really just an extortion  scheme. Once these countries fall into the trap, it is almost  impossible to escape.   Even before the pandemic forced the United States into lockdown, I  and several other of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle were  ringing alarm bells about our supply chain security. China is the most  dominant global source of rare Earth minerals, technology  infrastructure, and many active pharmaceutical ingredients.   Long story short, there is a lot on the line for the people of the  United States. The cards are stacked against us.   It would be really easy to protect that valuable status quo by  ignoring human rights violations and extortion schemes and other overt  attempts to make the world a little less free. But as much as we would  like it to be, freedom is not humanity's natural state. It is fragile.  It falls victim to the weak and the power hungry alike, and, if we are  not careful, yes, it will slip away, like it has in so many other  countries.   Freedom does have to be fought for, and we need our leaders to set  the example. That means staying focused on not following the example of  countries that have given up their freedom. We don't want to live out  the authoritarian nightmare that the CCP has created, but we also want  to avoid becoming like nations that have already pawned their futures  in pursuit of some grand socialist future.   I fear that our new majority has already lost touch with what the  American people actually want. They sure don't want what the Biden  administration has been selling lately. I can definitely tell you that  after a weekend in Tennessee. They don't feel taken care of. What they  are feeling is that they are being manipulated.   They want to know why President Biden and the Democratic majority  keep trying to pawn off the freedom that makes us an example to the  rest of the world in exchange for more government control that nobody  asked for.   I would encourage my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to  remember that the American people entrusted them with the power that  they are wasting on these radical wish lists items, and that power can  be taken away just as easily as it was given.   The American people want to make certain that we do as Ronald Reagan  implored us to remember. And, Madam President, as you know, last week I  had that poster here on the floor. Freedom is always one generation  away from extinction. It is our responsibility to fight for it, to pass  it on.   I yield the floor.   