 Madam President, I rise to echo and augment the remarks  of the gentleman from Missouri and to call on President Biden and the  Democrats in Congress to work with the Republicans on a bipartisan  infrastructure bill. As the only Senator in the unique position of  sitting on all three committees with jurisdiction over transportation,  I have a particular interest in making sure we are adequately funding  our roads and bridges.   I have had many conversations with my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle since I have joined the Senate, and everyone agrees that we have  real infrastructure and transportation needs that must be addressed.  The American Society of Civil Engineers recently gave our roads a D- minus rating, noting our $786 billion backlog on roads' and bridges'  capital needs. They gave our bridges a C-minus rating and a repair tag  of $125 billion.   We also need to take another look at how we fund our highway system.  Right now, we have a highway trust fund that we can't actually trust.  Since 2008, we have been relying on general fund transfers to pay for  our roads and bridges instead of fixing our user fee model to keep the  trust fund solvent. User fees give users the benefit of seeing where  their money is going, and they allow those people deriving the most  benefit from the system to give the most in support. This is a very  fair, American way of doing things, and the certainty we get from a  functioning user fee model is important for rural States, like my home  State of Wyoming.   While much divides Congress these days, infrastructure, as that term  is understood by most Americans, is a bipartisan issue. As such, one  would assume that President Biden would want to find some common ground  in order to build relationships in Congress and address the needs of  every citizen. So it is perplexing that President Biden, who campaigned  on bringing our Nation together, is now pushing a blatantly partisan  infrastructure bill.   Let me show you why partisanship is unnecessary in the infrastructure  space. I recently helped my Democratic colleagues on the Environment  and Public Works Committee pass a bipartisan water and wastewater  infrastructure bill out of committee with unanimous support. This is  clear evidence that Democrats and Republicans can come together on  infrastructure issues and find common ground. In 2019, the EPW  Committee, under the leadership of my fellow Senator from Wyoming, John  Barrasso, unanimously passed a bipartisan 5-year highway funding bill.  This would be a great place to start for any infrastructure bill in  Congress.   But this barely scratches the surface of bipartisan infrastructure  legislation. Honestly, I am hard-pressed to remember a time when  infrastructure was not bipartisan. The American Water Infrastructure  Act of 2018? Bipartisan. The Water Infrastructure Improvements for the  Nation Act of 2016? Bipartisan. The Highway Transportation Funding Act  of 2015? Bipartisan. The Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act of  2015? Bipartisan. The Water Resources Development Act of 2014?  Bipartisan. This isn't even a full decade of congressional action, and  all of these things happened in partisan environments, when Americans  were divided on a host of issues. But despite our divisions, we have  always come together to address American infrastructure. In 2021, this  should be no different.   If President Biden wants to truly unite the Nation, he can start by  working with Republicans on the most basic bipartisan issues, and he  might be surprised which Members of Congress are there to join him.   I will use myself as an example. I have opposed many of President  Biden's actions to date, but I support his decision to bring our troops  home from Afghanistan, and I am doing so publicly. I have also  supported several of President Biden's nominees, including Secretary  Buttigieg.   I can promise President Biden that if he comes in good faith to work  with Republicans and Democrats on a bipartisan infrastructure bill, I  will be there to work with him every step of the way. I know my  colleagues feel the same. All we are asking is for the ``unity''  President to come to the table.   I yield the floor.   