 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I rise today to condemn the discrimination and violence that our  Asian-American and Pacific Islander community has experienced.   Between March and December of last year, nearly 4,000 firsthand  accounts of anti-AAPI hate crimes were recorded in the United States.  It is heartbreaking to read the news stories of these crimes, and my  heart goes out to all those who have been victims of this violence.   I have experienced this type of discrimination and racism firsthand.  I have been called racist slurs and been treated differently because I  am an Asian American.   As a proud American and someone who loves this country dearly, I take  this rise in violence against our Asian community very seriously.   That is why, in February, the very first bill I introduced was a  bipartisan resolution to condemn these crimes and encourage better  coordination between State, local, and Federal governments to track  hate against the AAPI community.   Combating hate is a nonpartisan issue, and I am proud that my  resolution gained bipartisan support. I am very disappointed that my  bipartisan bill was not part of this week's conversation and that we  haven't had the opportunity to vote on it yet.   Despite my history of work on this and my personal experience, no one  in the majority sought out my partnership or input on the anti-Asian  hate bills before us today.   I would have welcomed the opportunity for partnership, and I would  have thought that my colleagues would seek input from one of only two  Republican Asian-American women in the House. Our voices matter in this  discussion.   I am proud to be standing here today to condemn these violent acts  and support my community.   While I disagree with my Democratic colleagues on many things, this  is one area where we can find common ground. That is what  bipartisanship is, disagreeing with someone but finding issues where  there is an opportunity to work together for the good of the country.   I will continue to work on behalf of our AAPI community in Congress  and condemn hate in all forms because this is not a partisan issue. We  are all Americans.   I hope that, moving forward, we have an opportunity to hear from more  AAPI voices and that we work together to put an end to hate.   