 Madam President, I am here on the floor today to speak  in support of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, which is the  bipartisan legislation that is before the Chamber that will make  historic investments in our Nation's core infrastructure, and I am  pleased to follow my colleague and friend from Utah, Senator Romney,  who was one of those whom I worked with to help negotiate this package.   This is historic legislation that provides $550 billion in new  Federal investments over the next 5 years to respond to the needs that  are facing our country. This bill will rebuild crumbling roads and  bridges and tunnels across the country. It will provide clean drinking  water in homes and address harmful contaminants. It will increase  connectivity in our communities to bring broadband to even the most  rural parts of our country. It will prioritize sustainable solutions to  improve our infrastructure systems for future generations. And it will  combat climate change by making the monumental investments in our clean  energy grid and electric vehicle infrastructure that we must make.   Now, this bill was a long time in the making, as I am sure my  colleague from Utah would agree. Over the past 3 months, there have  been many late nights, early mornings, and countless conversations  about how to make the best use of this opportunity to invest in our  Nation's infrastructure.   I very much appreciate the continued good faith and negotiations from  lawmakers on both sides of the aisle and the White House and the  leadership of Senators Kyrsten Sinema and Rob Portman to deliver this  bipartisan infrastructure agreement. I also appreciate the work of the  chairs and ranking members of relevant Senate committees who laid the  foundation for so much of the bipartisan work that has gone into this  bill, as well as the leadership of both parties for giving us the space  and time to get this agreement to the floor   Now, I could spend all day talking about the many aspects of this  legislation that meaningfully invest in our communities and in our  country, but today I want to specifically talk about two key areas that  I worked on. Both of these issues, water and broadband, speak to the  critical needs in New Hampshire and across the country.   Water and wastewater infrastructure is one of the major investments  we make in this bill, with $55 billion invested in this area. Now, no  parent should have to worry about the safety of their family's water  when they turn on the tap, but, unfortunately, as most of us know, this  is not the case for too many Americans, because compromised water  supplies, due in part to our rundown water infrastructure, is an issue  across this country and in some places in New Hampshire.   This was a problem for decades before the pandemic hit, but looking  at a crisis like COVID-19 has illustrated just how basic and essential  clean and safe drinking water is for our communities. Righting this  wrong starts with investing in our water systems, which have been  severely underfunded for too long.   According to the Environmental Protection Agency, drinking water  utilities will need to invest $472.6 billion over the next 20 years in  order to provide safe and sufficient drinking water to the American  public. Well, fortunately, we have a big chunk of that as a down  payment in this proposal. And earlier this year, the Senate passed  overwhelmingly, on a bipartisan vote, the Drinking Water and Wastewater  Infrastructure Act. That bill makes a historic investment in our water  infrastructure through authorizations. And in addition to putting  significant funding toward that effort, the bipartisan infrastructure  package before us includes $15 billion to replace lead service lines,  which is a huge public health priority, and it is an issue that has  long plagued communities across this country.   Another real public health concern that is addressed in this bill is  the presence of per- and polyfluoralkyl substances, or PFAS, in our  water supplies. Preventing exposure, cleaning up contaminated sites,  and understanding the full scope of the health implications associated  with these chemicals is critical for so many affected by PFAS in their  water.   As I have heard again and again from New Hampshire families,  discovering that you have been drinking contaminated water can produce  a range of emotions from anger and fear to guilt. That is what I heard  from so many parents who had children at the former Pease Air Force  Base, where they were in childcare, and parents thought they were safe  in those childcare centers. But they found out that they had been  drinking water contaminated with PFAS. That contamination at the former  Pease Air Force Base forced the city of Portsmouth to shut off three  drinking water wells in 2014. The contamination was created by the use  of firefighting foam by the Air Force when Pease was an Air Force base.   One of those wells that was shut down, the Haven well, has just come  back online this week, after 7 years. It was inoperable for 7 years.   PFAS contamination surrounding the Saint-Gobain manufacturing plant  in Merrimack, NH, and in areas around the Coakley Landfill Superfund  site in the Seacoast create an ongoing worry for Granite State families  also because of PFAS contamination. So you can imagine what those  parents felt like when they found out that their children had an  elevated level of PFAS in their bloodstream, and they didn't really  understand what that meant.   I remember talking to one mother who told me she had taken her  daughter to Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center for her health exam, and  she talked to the doctor about the elevated levels of PFAS in her  blood. She said: The doctor didn't know what I was talking about,  because this is an emerging contaminant.   But thanks to the work of so many of those affected--people like  Andrea Amico in Portsmouth, who helped found a group called Testing for  Pease, and folks involved with the Merrimack Citizens for Clean Water-- they have raised awareness and worked to find solutions to clean up our  drinking water. We owe it to them, to all of those families affected by  PFAS and contaminated water supplies, a serious commitment to stop this  problem where it starts and to give them the peace of mind that they so  deserve. The comprehensive measures to address our water infrastructure  that are contained in this historic bill will help do just that.   Now, water infrastructure is a serious issue that New Hampshire  shares with many other States throughout the country. Like water,  another shared issue is access to broadband or high-speed internet  service.   The challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic--just as I highlighted the  challenge of not having enough access to clean water--highlighted just  how important it is for our communities to have fast and reliable  access to the internet. Whether we like it or not, we live in a digital  world. We all relied on that digital world more than ever during the  COVID crisis so that our kids could go to school, so our grandparents  and families could keep their medical  [[Page S5810]]  appointments, and so our businesses could stay afloat. Of course, even  before the pandemic started, the digital divide created an equity issue  that deepened disparities in education, health, and business.   If you live in a community in northern New Hampshire, how can you  attract business to your community if you don't have access to high- speed internet, if the business can't open a website and tell people  what they do?   Just last month, I met with representatives from several towns in  southwestern New Hampshire, another part of our State where they have  been struggling to bring high-speed internet service to their  residents. Due to their rural nature, these towns and others like them  are unable to attract a provider to work with them. About a quarter of  those that live in these towns are considered unserved and far more are  underserved.   At that session, I talked to a woman named Molly Miller. She is a  telecommunications committee member from Hancock, NH, a town with about  1,600 residents. She talked about the challenges that her family had  experienced trying to work and do school from home during the pandemic.  She said everyone had to disconnect while her youngest son was  participating in college classes, and she shared a story about her  son. She said: He was unable to turn in his final exam from one of his  courses because the file was too large. He couldn't print it because  they didn't have enough speed--download speed in their house. By the  time he made it to the library to print out the file, it was too late.  His exam was not accepted.    That is just the kind of everyday challenges that families, who don't  have access to high-speed internet, face. And broadband access isn't a  partisan priority. Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle recognize the  need for significant investments to ensure that all of our workers, our  students, and our families are able to connect to the critical  resources that are provided by the internet.   This infrastructure bill commits $65 billion to bring high-speed  internet to communities in New Hampshire and all across the country.  These bold investments are what we need to create jobs, to enhance the  safety of our infrastructure networks, and to improve this Nation's  competitiveness.   Now, had I written the bill before us on my own, I am sure, like  everyone in this Chamber, it would have included different priorities  than what is before us in some cases. But, as we know, that is not how  the give and take of negotiations work. It is not how compromise works.  You give and you get. And the fact is that New Hampshire and the United  States are going to get a whole lot in this infrastructure package.   We also know that legislation that has broad bipartisan support  stands a better chance at lasting longer without threats of being  repealed or reversed. President Biden supports this package, and we  have received strong support across the aisle through the procedural  votes that we have had so far.   I am proud to have worked with my colleagues to help craft this  bipartisan bill, and over the coming days, I know that I will work with  even more people in this Chamber as we try and move this legislation  through the Senate. Thank you. I look forward to a strong, positive  vote by the end of this week.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   