 Madam President, I imagine many of us in this Chamber  had a wonderful week talking with Tennesseans--with our constituents.   In Tennessee, I will tell you this: We had a fabulous week. And  everywhere I went, whether it was the grocery store or somewhere with  the grandchildren, I was hearing from people about the issues that are  in front of us, and they are really curious to see what is going to end  up happening as we take up issues here in DC.   And I talked with a lot of our county mayors, who are quite concerned  about what is happening with the American Recovery Act funding and how  they are going to be able to use that funding.   They are very concerned about the infrastructure bill, and, you know,  they were really a little bit surprised to find out that so little of  the bill actually goes to infrastructure. I think they were really  disappointed in that because what they are interested in is money for  roads and bridges and highways and ports and broadband, and were really  disappointed in the emphasis in the bill on mass transit.   So what we have realized is that they have a lot of questions. They  look around and they say: Well, in Washington, you have got a lot of  spinning wheels going on and not a lot of forward motion.   And I have to agree because, in Washington, it does appear that the  President and many of my Democrat colleagues are spinning their wheels  in the same rut that they were stuck in before the holiday, proving  once again that, while they understand very little about the economy,  they understand even less about where the American people are.   Since day 1 of this administration, the White House has made it clear  that governing is not a priority. Governing--working with the House,  working with the Senate to find solutions.   But, instead, this administration is doing all it can to force the  country onto a path that the people have said time and again they don't  want to travel this path. It is not where they want to go.   By all accounts, businesses are, at least, a year out from a return  to normal, which we continue to hear a lot about that. Everybody would  like to be back to prepandemic normal.   Our supply chains are a mess. Ships that are loaded with goods cannot  get to ports. Inflation is, unfortunately, here to stay. It definitely  wasn't transitory. Families are having an increasingly difficult time  putting food on the table and gas in the car because a dollar doesn't  go as far as it once went, and this is something every family is  wrestling with. Even with all of this right in front of their faces, my  Democratic colleagues are more concerned with how they will leverage  these problems rather than how they are going to solve these problems.  What solutions that they have proposed are completely divorced from  reality and come loaded with more internal political strife than they  are worth. This, of course, is the logical conclusion of a year where  consensus took a backseat to the whims of the loudest and most radical  leftist wing of the Democratic Party.    Over the past week, the media has dripped out story after story  covering the cost of inflation, the consequences of failing to fund the  government, and the upcoming debate over the debt limit. And if you  thought the message coming from the White House and from my Democratic  colleagues in response to all this was jumbled before, prepare yourself  for something even more chaotic in the days to come.   My colleagues across the aisle, unfortunately, still seem to be under  the impression that Senate Republicans are going to band together to  save them from the hole they have dug for themselves. They think we are  going to endorse fiscal policy so destructive that many experts who are  normally friendly to the White House have refused to support these  ideas--and with good reason. They are a socialist, government- controlled agenda.   We have been down this road before. So my Democratic colleagues know  that going through the motions of bipartisanship isn't going to be  enough because we went through this months ago with the debt ceiling  and on the matter of funding the government. We would have settled all  of these issues months ago if the majority had their priorities in line  and if they could articulate clearly to the American people what the  priorities are, what the problems are, what the challenges are, and  bring forward solutions for the American people to look at and say:  Yeah, that makes sense. But that is not what they have done and what  they continue to do.   Here is the problem with where they are: The priorities of the  Democratic Party are not the priorities of the American people. Out in  the real world, inflation is a problem. Spending and debt--all of that  means something. How you spend your money means something. People  understand that. They get it.   But according to the majority here in the Democratic-controlled  Senate, none of these things actually matter in practice. In fact, the  past few months have shown us that among Democrats, there is no real  consensus about what, if anything, these major debates mean to them or  what is the end game. It is amazing. They can't tell you. If you are  here to solve problems or create problems, people are going to figure  that out--the American people are. And they know that the question  should be: Are you here to solve problems or create problems for your  political enemies in a way that ensures you are punishing people?   Now, that is the question that people are asking. Is the debt limit a  legal fiction or a meaningful check on reckless spending? That is a  question that we have heard. Is it just something that gets tossed  around? Is funding the government part of your duty or is the  appropriations debate just fuel for talking points? I think we know the  majority's answers to all of these questions, and I think their answer  is probably coming down on the wrong side of where the American people  are.   Those looking for good faith from the White House are seeming to not  find it, nor are they finding any evidence that Democrats in Congress  are aware of their moral obligation to be discerning and truthful about  how they plan to spend trillions in taxpayer money.   There is a reason that the Democrats lied about the costs associated  with their massive social spending bill, which reflects the priorities  of liberal, leftist activists rather than the priorities of the  American people. They claimed it was paid for, but in reality it will  add $367 billion to the deficit and cost taxpayers more than another  $400 billion. That is why they have not been truthful with the American  people that needed more buy-in in order for the Democrats to make this  happen--even when they knew the CBO report was going to come and show  how much debt was going to be added if this bill got passed.   They know the people don't want this big spending bill. They know  that the American people know that we cannot afford this. Our children  and our grandchildren cannot afford this bill.   As my colleague from Texas was saying, it is not $1.5 trillion or  $1.75 trillion. It is trillions--trillions--of dollars in spending. And  we know how some across the aisle are kind of, with a wink-wink and a  nod-nod, saying: Yes, let's get these on the books, and then things  will take care of themselves.   This week, we are facing the prospect of yet another government  shutdown, which means another eleventh-hour opportunity for my  Democratic colleagues to complain about Republican obstruction. But  what the Democrats in the media and the liberal activists  [[Page S8773]]  need to realize is that Republicans are not the problem here. The  Democrats are in charge of this Chamber, the House, and the White  House.   And not even the Democrats in power can agree on how much they want  to spend and how they want to spend it. If they had consensus and if  that consensus came from listening to the people that elected them to  serve, we wouldn't be staring at the prospect of another government  shutdown. No, you would see Democrats marching to the Chamber in  lockstep to vote for a continuing resolution that reflects goals that  don't change with the news cycle.   But there is no consensus. The people driving the ship have lost all  sense of direction, and in doing so, they are losing the faith the  American people have put in them.   In Tennessee, we would say that our friends across the aisle are in  the middle of a good old-fashioned come-apart, and there is one way and  only one way to reverse the damage, and that is to stop worrying about  politics and pushing a leftist agenda and start worrying about meeting  the needs of the American people--not only today but the needs of our  children and grandchildren. What are we going to do to their hopes and  their dreams for living their version of the American dream?   So we should agree, no more blame, no more budget gimmicks--open our  eyes to the reality of the situation that we are dealing with. We have  a job to do here, and the sooner my Democratic colleagues remember that  fact, the sooner they will be able to earn back the faith and the trust  of the American people. That is priority No. 1, and it is time for my  colleagues to prove that they understand it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   