 Madam President, after months of delay with NDAA, it  has finally made its way to the Senate floor. The Senate Armed Services  Committee passed its version by a strong, bipartisan vote of 23 to 3,  and that was back in July.   As a member of the Armed Services Committee since my first day here  in the Senate, I have been proud to help draft this bill each year  since 2013, and I was honored to play a part in drafting the bill this  year.   First and foremost, the 2022 NDAA takes care of the greatest asset  America has--our men and women in uniform. It supports a well-deserved  pay raise for members of the military, and it reauthorizes important  special pays and bonuses.   Keeping faith with our All-Volunteer Forces is essential so that our  military men and women are able to focus on combating the threats that  our Nation faces abroad. You don't have to look far to see the threats  I am talking about.   Vladimir Putin has placed nearly 100,000 Russian troops right on  Russia's border with Ukraine, essentially posturing to invade a  sovereign country. China continues to make shocking progress in  developing new types of weapons. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of  Staff said that China's recent test of a fractional orbital bombardment  system was very close to a ``Sputnik moment.'' This new missile could  potentially carry a nuclear warhead anywhere in the world, and it was  specifically designed to evade U.S. defenses. Our adversaries are  making huge strides forward. The NDAA recognizes that and addresses it.   This bill will keep the modernization of our strategic nuclear  deterrent on schedule. This is crucial because even though our nuclear  forces are still effective, we have pushed our weapons far beyond their  designed lifetimes--in some cases, by decades. This bill authorizes the  resources necessary to keep modernization on track, and it will help  make sure the next generation of systems is available before our  current nuclear triad ages out.   Perhaps most importantly, the NDAA tries to keep defense spending on  pace with rising inflation. Inflation is at its highest level in  decades, and it doesn't look like it is slowing down anytime soon.   The Biden administration originally proposed a top-line defense  spending increase of just 1.6 percent. That would not have kept pace  with inflation even in a normal year, but in a year when it is  threatening to spiral out of control, it would have meant an  unacceptable cut in resources for our military. The NDAA takes this  year's runaway inflation into account. It offers an increase of $25  billion on top of President Biden's proposal, and we came together  across party lines to agree to that because it is what our military  needs.   At the risk of stating the obvious, the NDAA is about investing in  our national defense. It is in the name, the ``National Defense  Authorization Act.'' But every State contributes in its own way to that  national goal, and I am proud to say that this bill will bring some  major wins to Nebraska, which has a long and rich military history.   It includes $100 million for the National Disaster Recovery Fund,  which will help rebuild Offutt Air Force Base, the home of the Air  Force's 55th Wing and U.S. Strategic Command, after the devastating  flooding that Nebraska experienced in 2019. It recognizes how critical  the 55th Wing is to our Nation's intelligence, surveillance, and  reconnaissance capabilities. Their missions take them all over the  world, but they are proudly based in my State of Nebraska.   The men and women who wear American military uniforms are part of the  best fighting force the world has ever known. Our job here in Congress  is to give them what they need, and this year's NDAA does just that.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   