 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise for the sixth time to call for  this entire body to have the opportunity to consider and cast their  votes on the Military Justice Improvement and Increasing Prevention  Act. This commonsense reform would ensure that people in the military  who are subjected to sexual assault and other serious crimes have the  opportunity to get the justice that they deserve.   Under the current system, fewer than 1 in 10 sexual assault cases  that are considered for command action are sent to trial, and under the  current culture, nearly 2 in 3 sexual assault survivors experience some  form of retaliation for reporting that crime. That means a survivor of  sexual assault is far more likely to face consequences than an  assailant.   When a 2016 Pentagon survey showed that 58 percent of survivors  perceived retaliation for reporting their assaults, commanders said it  was unacceptable, and Congress demanded action; but instead of working  to change the system or the culture, the response was to make  retaliation a specific crime, despite the fact that it already was a  chargeable offense under title 10, section 1034 of the United States  Code. It was nothing more than window dressing. We know that is true  because, in 2018, when the same survey came out again, the perceived  retaliation rate went up to 64 percent.   The DOD estimates that 20,500 servicemembers are sexually assaulted  each year. So you may wonder: How many documented prosecutions for  retaliation did we see in the most recent year? The answer: One. Only  one person has been charged for retaliation in the last year, and there  have been zero convictions reported. To me, that seems more of a joke.   Under our bill, the ability to charge and prosecute retaliation would  move outside the chain of command, giving survivors more confidence to  come forward in knowing the prosecutors would be free to protect them.  Under the status quo and under the chairman's proposal, the ability to  prosecute remains in the wrong hands.   It is time to remove retaliation and other serious crimes from the  purview of the chain of command. It is time to professionalize the  military justice system to remove bias, protect our servicemembers, and  deliver justice.   The numbers speak for themselves, and every single number represents  a person--a survivor, a family member. We owe it to our survivors-- those who have gone through the horrific experience of being assaulted  only to experience retaliation from their fellow brothers and sisters  in arms--to change this system. The Military Justice Improvement and  Increasing Prevention Act will make the changes that they need.   Every day we delay a vote on this legislation is another day we deny  justice to our servicemembers--the people who do so much for and give  so much to our country. There is no reason to make them wait any  longer.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that, at a time to be determined by the majority leader in consultation  with the Republican leader, the Senate Committee on Armed Services be  discharged from further consideration of S. 1520 and the Senate proceed  to its consideration; that there be 2 hours for debate, equally divided  in the usual form; and that upon the use or yielding back of that time,  the Senate vote on the bill with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   