 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for  yielding to me.   Madam Speaker, I rise in celebration of the remarkable life of our  dear friend and colleague, Congressman Alcee Hastings, known  affectionately as The Judge. People called him that long before I got  here. He was the first African-American Federal judge in the State of  Florida, appointed by President Jimmy Carter, where he served for 10  years before being elected to Congress in 1992.   I know that a lot of my colleagues and persons in this great Chamber  tonight might wonder what kind of a relationship I would have had with  Alcee Hastings. I would have only been here for 2 years. But what I do  know is that I recognize Alcee truly from his spirit.   He and I both had cancer. I was a cancer survivor, and oftentimes,  here on the floor, every single day, I would come to his side and sit  next to him, and I would say: ``How are you doing today?''   He would say: ``Not so good today,'' or he would say: ``Today is a  great day.''   But I remember his kindness, and I remember his words of wisdom to  me, always telling me: ``You are doing the right thing. You are  standing up. Stay strong. Look forward.''   I am really grateful for even that 1 year that I had to stand and to  serve with a giant such as Alcee Hastings.   Alcee and I were both very proud to serve in the House together as  fellow members of the Congressional Black Caucus. We talked about it,  and oftentimes, I said to him: ``I still can't believe I am here. I  cannot believe I am here, but I am so grateful to be here to serve with  you.''   As I said, we were also bonded over our shared kinship as cancer  patients because I understood what he was going through. I understood  the treatment and the pain and the suffering. But what I admired about  him the most is his tenacity, his strength, and his fortitude to come  here every single day in spite of it and to push his way through for  the sake of this Chamber, for the sake of this body, for the sake of  the people who he loved so dearly in his community.   He offered me encouragement, telling me to stay the course and to  continue to work on behalf of the American people. I remember he said  to me: ``I may not be here when you pass that gun bill, but you must  pass it.''   I will always be grateful to him for his friendship and for the  wisdom and leadership that he shared with this body and with me.   I always find that I am so grateful to be in this body, to be among  some of the most wise, intelligent, compassionate, and driven people I  have ever met in my life, particularly those of the Congressional Black  Caucus like Alcee Hastings, a giant among us.   Madam Speaker, I am so grateful today to be able to stand here and  pay reverence to him, the giant among us.   