 Madam President, I join my colleagues today in  defense of our longtime friend and trusted ally, Israel, and to argue  that absolutely no American taxpayer dollars should be spent to benefit  terrorist organizations.   Israel has no greater friend than the United States, and the Israeli  people have long relied on assistance from the American people and  other allies. It is an unshakeable bond based on mutual respect, shared  democratic values, and common interests that existed long before the  modern State of Israel was founded. We must continue to support and  foster that relationship with everything we have as Israel faces  growing threats from Hamas and other terrorist groups in the region.   As the annual appropriations process moves along, I am concerned, as  are many of my colleagues, that foreign aid--U.S. taxpayer dollars-- could end up in the hands of those who have boldly proclaimed that  their intent is to do harm to Israel and our interests in the region.   The most recent wave of violence in the Middle East makes it clear  that our resources must be responsibly spent and kept out of the  coffers of terrorist organizations and bad actors whose violence can be  bankrolled by commandeering U.S. foreign aid.   The Biden administration admitted recently ``there are no  guarantees'' our humanitarian assistance will reach the intended  recipients. I believe it is our duty to guarantee this. It is  imperative that we are certain that not a single cent of taxpayer money  is spent to fund Hamas and its military arsenal.   In this effort, my colleagues and I have teamed up to ensure that  safeguards are in place to make sure anti-American and anti-Israel  groups do not continue down this dangerous path of radicalization and  indoctrination at the expense of hard-working Americans.   The Stop Taxpayer Funding of Hamas Act, introduced by my friend  Senator Scott of Florida, is commonsense legislation. It protects  American assets and allies, while ensuring that not a penny of foreign  aid is spent indoctrinating students abroad and bankrolling terrorist  activities.   This is a nonpartisan issue. Americans do not support terrorism, so  they certainly should not have to subsidize terrorism. We must take a  stand against this barbarism and the harm it poses to most innocent  civilians.   I simply cannot imagine why any of my colleagues--Republican,  Democrat, or Independent--would oppose legislation that is fiscally  responsible, morally sound, and in the best interest of our allies,  servicemembers, and our future generations.   Finally, I believe we should recognize that American citizens feel  the painful effects from the recent flareup of violence toward Israel.  In tandem with the global unrest, we have witnessed the significant  rise in anti-Semitic attacks largely fueled by old prejudices and  accelerated by harmful political rhetoric. It is my fervent hope that  we would dedicate ourselves to stopping anti-Semitic violence, to  fortifying our determination to protect the State of Israel, and to  promoting peaceful relations in the Middle East.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   