 Mr. President, I am very proud to be here with the rest  of my colleagues to present this bill that will make the biggest  investment in infrastructure, as Senator Collins said so well, since  the Interstate Highway System back in the 1950s.   This is really an extraordinary work product that results from the  leadership of Senators Sinema and Portman and from the cooperation of  everybody on this floor. There were an equal number of Democrats and  Republicans--a number who are not here tonight who have worked on this  bill--the work of committee chairs and ranking members in the Senate  who have done so much to put together underlying bills that we used in  moving this forward and, of course, all of the staff from our personal  offices, from the Appropriations Committee, from all of the committees  that worked on this bill.   As has been said, this is the biggest investment in infrastructure  with $550 million--billion in new spending over the next 5 years. It  builds on annual appropriations. It is an investment in roads and  bridges, in water and wastewater, and transit, the electric grid.   We have got to do this because right now we are investing less than  our competitors--less than China, less than India, less than Europe;  less than we were spending in the United States in the 1960s. And if we  are going to stay competitive, if we are going to provide opportunities  for the people in this country, we have got to make these investments.   As my partner in broadband said, if kids are going to have an equal  opportunity for the future, then they need to have access to high-speed  internet.   More important, I think, is the point that all of my colleagues so  far have made, and that is that this bill shows that Republicans and  Democrats can work together to address the needs of this country; that  our government is not broken. We can make it work if everybody works  together.   So I know we have a lot of work ahead of us to get this bill through  the floor of the Senate and then through the House, and get the help  out to the American people. But I know that in this Chamber we are  committed to getting that done and to making sure that we make these  investments to move the country forward.   So thank you, Mr. President.   I yield to my colleague from Alaska, Senator Murkowski.   