 Madam President, I find it so interesting that my  friend and colleague across the aisle is trying to deflect questions  and concerns that we have by insinuations and some pretty disgusting  slander, and I am sorry that we have listened to that here on the floor  of this Chamber.   Yes, indeed, I am coming to the floor today to oppose discharging  Vanita Gupta from this floor to be confirmed as the Associate Attorney  General. And, yes, I have concerns. I have had questions in committee.   I will tell you I didn't expect to find a lot in common with her  because I have had a difficult time finding a lot in common with some  of the nominees that President Biden has sent over to us at Judiciary  Committee. But as a member of that committee, it is my responsibility  to approach each nomination with an open mind. Some I have decided were  worthy of an ``aye'' vote. There are others, like Ms. Gupta, that I  feel are not worthy of a confirmation vote.   Over the course of the review of information--and to my friend, the  chairman of the Judiciary Committee, 11,000 pages of documents--you can  send in a million pages of documents, but if you are not answering the  question, if you are trying to circumvent the question or nuance it or  dance around it, it still doesn't answer the question. So the volume  doesn't really matter.   What matters is someone who steps up and says: Here is my answer-- clear, concise. That is what you want, and that is what the American  people expect.   I arrived at the opinion that, no, I didn't think she was fit to take  that No. 3 position, not because I disagreed politically but because  the answers that she gave on some specific issues--police funding, drug  legalization, qualified immunity--were so inconsistent with what she  had previously said or what she had previously written that no one can  say with any degree of certainty what she will do with the newfound  power if we decided to give that to her. No one knows what she would  do.   Due to the time constraints we have on the floor today, I want to go  back to the 2012 article and use that as one example. There has been  quite a bit said about that. Now, she was in the position of the ACLU's  deputy legal director. She wrote an op-ed arguing--and I quote, and we  have just heard a good bit about this--``States should decriminalize  simple possession of all drugs, particularly marijuana, and for small  amounts of other drugs.'' That is a quote.   Speaking as a Senator representing the interests of a State  struggling to emerge from the opioid epidemic, this statement to me is  a disqualifier. It is as simple as that.   Senator Cornyn added to that conversation with other specific items  that have transpired in her past. In her hearing, which took place in  March, Ms. Gupta almost got away with disavowing that op-ed. But when  we pressed her on it, what did she have to say? That her position had  evolved.   It seems there is an issue with some of these nominees that are  coming before us. They are going through these just in time, road to  Damascus, evolution processes. All of a sudden, they are evolving to a  position of something that they think the committee wants to hear, that  they think will help them skirt through, that they think will help them  get confirmed so that they can hold the power.   Ms. Gupta has also evolved on criminal justice reform, on the  fundamentals for that. And as we have discussed on this floor today,  the fact checkers have had a pretty good time with that. Back in March,  the Washington Post took her to task--Senator Cornyn talked about  this--her evolving position, her shifting views on defunding the  police, decriminalization of drugs. This is the Washington Post. This  is the Washington Post that gave her the unusual upside-down Pinocchio  because she was flip-flopping and evolving at such a rapid rate, they  couldn't keep up with it.   Madam President, everyone has the right and the opportunity to change  their mind. Absolutely, people have the right to change their mind, but  trying to follow the many changes of her mind on the issue of drug  crimes, on decriminalization, on defunding police--these are important  issues to our communities. These are not a game. These are very  important issues to the safety and security of our communities.   The number of inconsistencies in her testimony more than test the  boundaries of understanding. Is she still evolving? Is she going to  flip-flop, as the Washington Post says, back to her previous opinions  of 2012? Is she going to flip-flop again? Would we see that in the next  11,000 pages of documents that were submitted that she has decided to  change her mind one more time? From what standard is she going to work  at the Department of Justice?   Each of these are concerns. Each of these are reasons that my hope is  that this Chamber will refuse to discharge Vanita Gupta for a  confirmation vote.   I yield the floor.   