 Madam President, today's workers are really struggling  through one of the most unequal economic crises in modern American  history. With millions out of a job and millions more struggling to get  by, it is clear that workers need a Deputy Secretary of Labor who is  committed to building back a stronger, fairer economy. They need  someone who will work diligently to make sure workers have a fair and  just workplace, a livable wage, a secure retirement, safe working  conditions, access to accommodations, and are treated with dignity and  respect, which is why I am so glad to support Julie Su's nomination.   As a labor lawyer, Julie Su fought to defend Thai garment workers who  were trafficked into the United States and forced to work behind barbed  wire and under armed guard. Then she pushed to change the law to make  sure corporations were held responsible for working conditions in their  supply chains.   As California labor commissioner, Julie Su cracked down on wage theft  and launched a multilingual campaign to help workers understand their  rights and feel safe about speaking up about employers who stole their  wages.   As California's secretary of labor, Julie Su has implemented  increases to the State minimum wage, created good-paying, high-quality  jobs, expanded access to benefits for gig workers and workers who are  paid low wages, and protected essential workers who are bearing the  brunt of this pandemic.   It is clear that her experience in leading one of the largest State  labor departments in the Nation, her decades-long commitment to  fighting for workers' rights, and her personal story as the  multilingual daughter of Chinese immigrants have given her the  experience, background, and values to be a successful Deputy Secretary  of Labor.   She is the right person for the job, and I urge our colleagues to  join me in voting to confirm her because, right now, too many workers  still lack crucial protections and rights and struggle to make ends  meet, especially women, workers of color, LGBTQ workers, migrant  workers, and workers with disabilities.   To build back an economy that works for everyone, not just the  biggest corporations and wealthiest individuals, it is critical that we  have a fully staffed Department of Labor and leaders who are committed  to protecting workers. So it is critical that we confirm Julie Su as  Deputy Secretary of Labor without delay.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask for the vote that is scheduled at  2:30 to begin.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   