 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   This amendment would prohibit the President, Vice President, and  Cabinet members from contracting with the Federal Government. The  amendment adds broad new language to the criminal code and could  discourage people from entering Federal service. We should want and  encourage the most qualified people to run for office and serve in our  Federal Government.   This amendment is completely outside the scope of the NDAA and  nothing more than a desperate attempt to score political points. This  is the kind of unrelated amendment that does not belong in the NDAA.   We are now 8 months into the Biden administration, yet Democrats  continue to push legislation, as mentioned by the previous speaker,  that is targeted at the Trump administration.   But what else can Democrats talk about? Rising inflation caused by  President Biden's failed economic policies? Rising crime caused by  Democrats defunding the police? The Biden border crisis?   If Democrats were serious about ethics reform, they would carefully  consider this as a standalone bill. Instead, they choose to slap it  onto an unrelated bill with no discussion or thought. This amendment  and provision should go through regular order so Members have the  opportunity to debate and consider ethics reforms.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, this is not the bill for this amendment,  and it certainly should go through the process and be given the  consideration and discussion due true ethics reforms instead of  amendments that simply target the former President and his  administration.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Louisiana for  hosting this Special Order to discuss the abortion on demand act.   Mr. Speaker, this bill imposes national abortion on demand until  birth, abolishing all past, present, and future State laws on this  topic. Not only does this pose a grave threat to States' rights, but it  will also harm countless babies and women along the way.   During Rules Committee, I asked a simple question: Does anything in  this bill actually have any reasonable health benefit for women? And  the answer is, no, it does not. The bill the Democrats name the Women's  Health Protection Act has nothing to do with women's health.   This bill would wipe out countless State laws that protect women and  babies, like clinic regulation and parental notice, including a law I  shepherded through the Minnesota State Legislature on women's right to  know. This law simply requires a physician to provide a woman seeking  an abortion information about medical risks.   I can't imagine a world in which a physician performs a non-emergent  medical procedure on any person without explaining their options and  risks beforehand, but that is apparently the world my Democrat  colleagues want to live in.   As a co-chair of the Congressional Pro-Life Caucus, one of my highest  priorities as a Member of Congress is protecting innocent life. This  bill is a direct, tragic attack on life, and I urge my colleagues to  oppose it.   