 Madam President, I rise today in defense of the most  sacred right we have in this country, and that is the right to vote.  This right is fundamental to our democracy. It is the right to make  your voice heard in our government.   But this right is under attack by ultraconservative State lawmakers  who are restricting access to our ballot boxes--the same people who  continue to cast unserious, faceless and dangerous doubts on the  results of the 2020 election.   I am not being hyperbolic when I say, if these attacks succeed, there  will be grave consequences for our democratic system not just in those  States, but throughout our country.   So as I have said time and again, we must pass strong Federal voting  rights protections into law, because doing so is essential to making  sure that our democracy stays a democracy. Democrats are rightfully  exploring every potential avenue to ensure Americans' fundamental right  to vote is not restricted.   We are voting on legislation this week--the Freedom to Vote Act--that  has been the result of extended negotiations and discussions. And I  appreciate all my colleagues who are working to craft a bill all of us  can agree to, one that ensures that voters have equal access to the  ballot box; that promotes best practices for voter registration and  administration; and protects our elections from the very real threat of  interference, both foreign and domestic.   This is a reasonable bill by any stretch of the imagination. And I  challenge anyone to tell me what could be more controversial about  making election day a public holiday or ensuring everyone has the  opportunity to vote early, making sure everyone can request a vote-by- mail ballot.   These are simple measures to ensure that every American's voice can  be heard. And I am glad that this bill includes protections so it will  help give power back to the people in our government, making sure  people pick their representatives rather than representatives picking  their voters; by stopping special interest money from drowning out  Americans' voices and votes; and by protecting and securing each  American citizen's right to cast their ballot.   Again, nothing in this bill should be controversial if you care about  the health of our democracy. So I hope our Republican colleagues will  join us in supporting it, because I strongly believe protecting every  American's right to vote should not be a partisan issue. And my  Republican colleagues will have a chance this week to inspire  confidence in our elections and make sure they are secure by voting for  this commonsense legislation.   But if there are some who want to stand between voters and their due  right to the ballot box, we cannot, as public servants, simply throw up  our hands and say: Oh, well, we tried.   So Republicans choose to look the other way on implementing Federal  voting rights protections because voter suppression tactics might  benefit them politically.   Democrats must use every legislative tool needed to get the Freedom  to Vote Act to President Biden's desk, including an exemption to the  filibuster, because, as I have said, of all the critical things we will  vote on this Congress--and many are so important to our workers and  families--this is the most important. It is about the future of our  democracy.   And if our Republican colleagues are not willing to stand up for our  democracy, we can't let them hide behind Senate rules and block  Democrats from doing so on our own. The stakes are really simply too  high to fail. One way or another, this Senate has to pass the Freedom  to Vote Act.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, first, before I object, I would like to  thank the Senator for his consideration. I really do appreciate that.   Mr. President, reserving the right to object, here we go again. Even  after 700,000 deaths and rising, Republicans are coming up with new  ideas to undermine our vaccination efforts and make it harder for us to  safely reopen our country; and in this case, even make it harder for us  to respond to future pandemics.   Requiring basic precautions to keep people safe when traveling is  nothing new in this country, nor are immunization requirements, for  that matter.   And let's be clear and remember, the vaccine requirements President  Biden has enacted so far include tailored exemptions for legitimate  religious and medical conditions that have long been standard, and the  emergency temporary standard he has envisioned would allow testing as  an alternative.   Therefore, I would call on my Republican colleagues to remember this  is a pandemic; it is not a political football. We need to treat it as a  public health crisis.   And, therefore, I do object.   