 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session to consider Executive Calendar No. 437,  Julianne Smith, of Michigan, to be United States Permanent  Representative on the Council of the North Atlantic Treaty  Organization, and that the Senate vote on the nomination without  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, all without  intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order to  the nomination; that any statements related to the nomination be  printed in the Record; that the President be immediately notified of  the Senate's action; and that the Senate resume legislative session.    Mr. President, I would also like to speak to Julie  Smith and her qualifications to be Ambassador to NATO.   Julie is, really, very well qualified to represent the United States  within our biggest and most significant security alliance. Her 25-year  career has focused on transatlantic relations and security. She has  served the country as Deputy National Security Advisor and Acting  National Security Advisor to then-Vice President Biden.   In 2012, she was awarded the Office of the Secretary of Defense's  Medal for Exceptional Public Service. She has worked at some of the  country's most esteemed think tanks that address European issues.   As the U.S. confronts challenges around the world, we need to convey  our firm commitment to our allies and our alliances. For this reason,  it is absolutely critical that we put Julie Smith in place as  Ambassador to NATO as soon as possible.   I am really very pleased that those who had a hold on her nomination  have finally lifted those holds. It is unfortunate that it has taken so  long because, as we look at what is happening in Eastern Europe in  particular, and as we look at the migrants who are being used by  Belarus--and I assume that Vladimir Putin is behind this, as well, to  send those migrants to the Polish border as a way to distract from what  is happening in Eastern Europe--clearly, the more equipped NATO is to  help deal with those challenges, the better.   If we are going to participate with NATO, we need to have an  Ambassador on the ground. It should have happened several months ago,  when she was nominated. So I am very pleased that she is going to be  able to assume her ambassadorship very soon. As co-chair of the Senate  NATO Observer Group, I look forward to working with her in her new  role.   But this should serve as a wake-up call to those people in this  Chamber who continue to have holds on critical nominees who are  important to this country's national security. As I talk to U.S.  allies, it is clear that the delay in sending Ambassadors to posts  around the world is having a real impact on our relations with our  partners; and in the absence of U.S. representation, they are  questioning our commitment to our bilateral relationships.   Now, I would like to think that my colleagues who have put these  holds on our nominees aren't doing it in an effort to undermine  America's security and to undermine this administration in protecting  the United States, but, clearly, that is the impact of what they are  doing.   I have heard from a lot of my colleagues over the last months about  U.S. standing in the world after our withdrawal from Afghanistan. Yet,  as they are blocking administration nominees who would work with our  allies, who would engage in our shared priorities and values, who would  listen to concerns, and who could work together, they are just  exacerbating any issues that may exist.   I don't know why they are doing this, but, right now, there are 58  other State Department nominees who are awaiting confirmation on the  floor. Every day that passes that we have no Ambassadors in place in  countries around the world, our national security is compromised, and I  have got a very close-to-home example.   Earlier today, I met with Diane Foley, the mother of James Foley, who  was the first American killed by ISIS, and she has done yeoman's work  with her foundation to try to help the families of hostages who are  being held in countries around the world. She was talking about what we  could do to help those families and to do everything to try and help  them get their loved ones back--to free the hostages who are being  wrongly held around the world.   Well, one of the things we talked about is the fact that, in many of  those countries, we don't have Ambassadors because we have holds on  those folks who are so important to help those families and to help  address American interests in those countries. So what our colleagues  are doing by holding up these nominees is undermining the national  security of the United States. By grinding to a halt our State  Department nominees, a small group of my Republican colleagues has  allowed partisan brinkmanship to pervade a critical aspect of our  national security.   You know, there was a very important principle established after  World War II about partisan politics ending at the water's edge. It is  unfortunate that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are not  continuing to support that principle.   We are stronger and safer when our diplomatic corps--those  individuals who support Americans and U.S. foreign policy around the  world--are supported by capable, Senate-vetted, and Senate-confirmed  Ambassadors.  [[Page S8431]]    So I hope we will see in the coming weeks a willingness of those few  people--it is only two or three people on the other side of the aisle  who have held people up--to release those holds in the best interests  of America and of our security.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   