 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to address  what I believe is an urgent and fundamental issue of our policy in  Afghanistan, and that is, what happens to the women and girls when the  United States and NATO forces leave after 20 years?   Over the years, as I have talked to my constituents and people around  the country, one of the things they have all been united on about our  effort in Afghanistan has been the difference that our intervention has  made for women and girls.   Before we went into Afghanistan in 2002, girls were not allowed to go  to school, women were not allowed to work, and there was no freedom of  movement for women and girls unless they had a male escort. They  couldn't listen to music. They were required to wear burqas anytime  they went out of their homes.   What we have seen has been safety and security for Afghan women and  girls as the result of our intervention, but now all of these gains are  at risk as we withdraw our forces. The lack of emphasis on the safety  and security of Afghan women and girls in the peace process is what has  brought us to this point.   We are leaving by September, and there is no plan to ensure that the  rights that were achieved for women and girls are actually protected,  even though we have legislation that says that in conflict areas like  Afghanistan, we have a responsibility to ensure that women are at the  negotiating table.   Well, as we rethink the role of the United States in Afghanistan, I  want to put a face on what we are talking about, what it means if we  don't prioritize women's rights there.   In March of this year, the State Department posthumously honored  seven women who were given the International Women of Courage Award.  These are all women who were killed in Afghanistan in 2020. They are  pictured here. They were murdered--assassinated, really--for choosing  to live their lives outside of the narrow confines of what the Taliban  and other extremist groups deem acceptable for women, and they reflect  the thousands of other women in Afghanistan who have been the targets  of violence.   We have seen over the last months of 2020 and beginning of 2021 that  women were deliberately targeted for assassination, particularly women  in high-profile positions. These women have been murdered for going to  school, for reporting the news, for delivering healthcare or running  for public office. We talk about them as courageous, and certainly they  are, but they should not have to be courageous to do the kinds of  things that they were murdered for.   It should not require courage to be a journalist like Malalai  Maiwand, who  [[Page S2502]]  is right here in the lower left-hand corner. It should not require  courage to stand up for basic human rights like Fatima Khalil, who is  up here in the middle, or Freshta Kohistani, who is right here. Fatima  was a human rights official. Freshta was an activist for women rights.  Yet both of these women were killed by the Taliban for doing what they  believed in, for trying to improve the lives of other women. Sadly,  that kind of courage is what is required of all women in Afghanistan  today.   I worry that this reality is only going to escalate after our  departure. Indeed, we saw this over this past weekend when 85 people,  most of them schoolgirls, were killed in a car bomb outside of a girls  school in Kabul.   I saw them interviewing one young woman who, I think, was about 14,  about why she thought they had been targeted. She said: ``I guess it's  because we want an education.'' This is the future we risk if we don't  have a plan for how we are going to continue to support the women and  girls of Afghanistan.   I also want to talk about the other four women who are pictured here.   Fatima Rajabi, who is in the middle, was a 23-year-old prison guard.  She was on her way home from work and was on a civilian bus when the  bus was stopped by the Taliban. She was kidnapped, tortured, and  murdered, and 2 weeks later, her body was sent to her family.   Then there is Freshta, who is the daughter of Amir Mohamed. She was a  35-year-old prison guard who was killed on her way to a taxi to get to  work--again, killed by a gunman.   At the bottom is General Sharmila Frogh. General Frogh was the head  of the gender unit in the National Directorate of Security and was one  of the longest serving female NDS officers in Afghanistan. She was  assassinated when an IED explosion targeted her vehicle in Kabul.   Finally, I think the most horrific and barbarous of all of these  murders was of Maryam Noorzad. Maryam was a midwife, and she was killed  when the hospital in Kabul was attacked by the Taliban. She was there,  helping a woman deliver a baby, and she refused to leave when they were  attacked. She didn't want to leave the woman she was helping as a  midwife, so the Taliban not only killed her when she refused to leave  the woman, but they killed the mother, and they killed the baby. These  are the Taliban whom we are being asked to join at the negotiating  table.   I can tell you that I don't intend to support any political efforts  that will allow the Taliban to continue to commit these horrific acts  of violence. The agreement we made with the Taliban has already been  breached by the Taliban. They have refused to cut ties with al-Qaida  and other terrorist groups. They continue to escalate the violence.   What we are going to see over the next several months and what we do  is going to impact the lives of women for generations to come in that  country, which is why we must do absolutely everything in our power to  support the women and those in Afghanistan who want peace and who want  to see the country move beyond the extreme religious rhetoric of the  Taliban.   These seven women didn't deserve to die, and those schoolgirls in  Kabul didn't deserve to die. We owe it to them and to the generations  who will come after them to do everything we can to prevent any more  Afghan women from meeting the same fate.   This is not a partisan issue, and it is not a woman's issue. It is a  human rights issue, and it is a security issue for the future of  Afghanistan because, if women are empowered in that country, the  potential for stability is so much greater. So I urge the Senate to do  everything in our power to ensure that women are represented at the  table in the future of negotiations and that their rights are preserved  in Afghanistan.   We must remember these seven women and the thousands of women like  them and the schoolgirls in Kabul--the girls who should have the  opportunity to grow up in a world with the freedoms that their mothers  fought to secure. The women and girls of Afghanistan are watching what  we do, and we can't afford to let them down.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   