 Mr. Speaker, we have heard a lot about text  messages. I would like the Democrats and the people on the January 6th  Committee to produce their text messages, Mr. Speaker, denouncing  antifa, BLM riots that raged across American cities for a year. I would  love to read those.   But instead, we saw Democrats encourage, incite, and continue to call  these riots peaceful. And then when they got arrested and put in jail,  they bailed them out so they could go out and riot some more.   I rise in opposition to this resolution to hold Mark Meadows in  contempt of Congress because it is being held by nothing but a kangaroo  court.   Congress' job is to make laws, not enforce them. That is the role of  the executive and the judicial branch of this government, but somehow  the communists here in charge have forgotten--or, no, not forgotten-- are purposely abusing the Constitution and what this body of Congress  is supposed to do.   You see, when we go to this level to the point where we are  forgetting and abusing what our power is, then the American people will  trust us no more. And that is exactly what the January 6th Committee is  doing.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the  Islamophobia bill. One thing that seems to be missing from this bill is  the definition of Islamophobia. What this bill does is it sets up,  through the State Department, an envoy to monitor and combat acts of  Islamophobia and Islamophobic incitement that occur in foreign  countries. This is about Islamophobia in foreign countries and the  State Department monitoring and combating these acts. This is what we  need to talk about. What does that exactly mean?   If we pass this resolution, does that mean our State Department is  going to be monitoring how Israel responds when rockets are being fired  from Hamas into Israel? If they defend themselves, does that mean the  State Department is going to combat their actions because it will be  considered Islamophobic? More questions need to be asked.   In Europe, there are no-go zones with high crime statistics. As a  matter of fact, rape is a modern occurrence that happens all the time  in these no-go zones. So if women are raped by Muslims in no-go zones  and they want to file charges against them, is our State Department  going to be monitoring those trials and then combating these women's  defense because they are claiming it is Islamophobic because Muslim men  raped them and that becomes part of the conversation?   What exactly does this mean, and why is our State Department taking  this on? It shouldn't be. As a matter of fact, this is a bill that we  should not be debating. This is a bill we should not be voting on  because the United States State Department doesn't need to be  monitoring and combating Islamophobia when it is not even defined in  the bill for foreign countries; not the United States of America.   I have heard a lot of conversation from my colleagues across the  aisle about Islamophobia in America, which we completely are against  hate of any kind against anyone. And that is why we have laws against  such hateful crimes and actions. But monitoring what is happening in  foreign countries, which the State Department does, doesn't mean that  it needs to combat Islamophobia when it is not even defined in the  bill.    This is a vote for every single person in  Congress that should be ``no'' because this is an open door with no end  to the book of where this can go for the United States of America, and  this is a role that we should not be engaging in.   