 Thank you, Madam President. It is good to see you here  today.   The VICE PRESIDENT. Good to see you.    I come to the floor today to support strongly the  confirmation of Catherine Lhamon to serve as Assistant Secretary for  Civil Rights at the Department of Education.   She is extremely qualified for this role. In fact, she has served in  it before. In 2013, Ms. Lhamon was confirmed to the same role by voice  vote. During her past tenure, she demonstrated her commitment to  students across the country as she worked to combat sexual assault on  college campuses, protect transgender students, reduce the use of  seclusion and restraint, reduce disparities in school discipline based  on a student's race or disability, and enforce civil rights laws to  protect students.   Unfortunately, the previous administration took major steps backwards  when it came to supporting and protecting students--for example, by  significantly reducing efforts to enforce civil rights protections and  rescinding important policies to address campus sexual assault.   Now, as we know, the pandemic has also done serious damage and  worsened deep-seated inequities for students whose families earn low  incomes, students of color, English learners, and students with  disabilities.   We have a lot of work ahead to fix this and help our schools rebuild  stronger and fairer, which is why I am especially glad to see Secretary  Cardona and President Biden working so hard to right the wrongs of the  last administration and support our schools through this pandemic.   I know Ms. Lhamon will be a critical, capable partner in those  efforts because not only did she tackle many of these challenges in her  past service as Assistant Secretary, but even after her service in the  Obama administration, Ms. Lhamon continued fighting for civil rights  through her time as the Chair of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights,  her work litigating civil rights cases with the National Center for  Youth Law, and as legal affairs secretary to the Governor of  California.   She currently serves the Biden administration as Deputy Assistant to  the President and Deputy Director to the Domestic Policy Council for  Racial Justice and Equity.   Ms. Lhamon is a highly qualified nominee. She has a long track record  that proves she is a champion for students through and through, and  that is exactly what our students need. I am thrilled to have her  returning to the Education Department's Office of Civil Rights. I urge  all of our colleagues to join me in voting for her confirmation.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   