 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Minnesota  for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the rule. I think we can  all agree that guns should not be allowed to fall into the wrong hands.  But these bills do nothing to stop the bad guys from illegally  purchasing guns or reduce gun violence meaningfully. Instead, they  punish law-abiding gun owners and arbitrarily deny Iowans their Second  Amendment rights.   H.R. 1446 allows the government to delay the sale of a firearm for an  indefinite amount of time. H.R. 8 infringes on the rights of law- abiding gun owners, criminalizing everyday transfers of guns between  friends, family, and neighbors, including lending of weapons that were  obtained lawfully.   Madam Speaker, these bills trample on the constitutional rights of  Iowans, and I strongly oppose them.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Minnesota  for yielding the time.   Madam Speaker, I rise today as a voice for the thousands of students  across this country who have not stepped foot in a classroom or on a  playground for over a year.   In Iowa, our Governor has put students' education, their mental  health, and their safety first. Our schools have reopened safely in  Iowa.   My kids got on a school bus this morning and went to a classroom, and  they rode that same school bus home. They got to play with their  friends. They got to learn in a classroom.   Schools nationwide have to have a plan to reopen before it is too  late for our students. The mental health toll of long-term school  closures on our students is staggering. Recent data shows that mental  healthcare claims for children ages 13-18--these are our teenagers, our  next generation--have doubled over the past year, according to that  data.   Emergency room doctors are saying that they are treating more and  more young people in crisis than ever before. Now, it is being reported  that students across the country have fallen off the grid. That is  right. We don't know where they are. School districts can't find them.   As weeks out of school have turned into months, and months have  turned into a year, our kids are the ones who are falling through the  cracks, academically, emotionally, and physically.   Thousands of our youngest, most vulnerable Americans are unaccounted  for. Enrollment is dropping, especially in rural areas in States like  Iowa. So now, 1 year out of the classroom is turning into 2, at least.  Who knows?   We must act. We must act today. We must act quickly. That is why I  introduced the Reopen Schools Act. This legislation would ensure that  our school districts are using money that was appropriated from this  body, $54 billion of it, on proven safety measures that will allow them  to reopen safely as soon as possible and have a plan to do so.   Throwing more and more money at this problem, and then letting it go  unused, is truly a disservice to taxpayers, and it is an injustice to  our students.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in standing with our  kids by defeating the previous question. It is an important issue for  our next generation.   