 Mr. President, I rise tonight to once again call for  this entire body to have the opportunity to consider the Military  Justice Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act. This would ensure  that people in the military who have been subjected to sexual assault  and other serious crimes get the justice they deserve.   I first introduced this legislation in 2013. Since then, the  committee has had 8 years to consider it, to ask questions, to pursue  changes, and to implement alternative solutions, and we have. In fact,  over the period of 15 years, the committee enacted nearly 250  legislative provisions designed to address the scourge of sexual  assault in the military. We have modified data reporting requirements.  We have added questions to surveys. We have required annual reports on  the status of sex offense investigations. We have required developments  of strategies to hold leadership accountable. We have chartered special  panels, commissions, and advisory committees to address this problem,  and we have enacted their recommendations.   We have made scores of small adjustments, and they have just not  moved the needle. The most recent annual report from the Department of  Defense proves it. Reports of sexual assault have increased virtually  every single year and remain at record highs, while prosecution and  conviction rates have declined. The current system is not working. We  need real reform, and we have the legislation to do it.   In 2014, I asked for a vote on this bill, and it earned majority  support--55 votes--but it was filibustered. In 2015, again I earned  majority support, but it was filibustered. I asked for a vote in 2016,  2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020, and I was denied every single time.   I am again asking on behalf of servicemembers who do so much for this  country, who will sacrifice themselves and their lives for this Nation,  and on behalf of the bipartisan, filibuster-proof majority of Senators  who support this legislation and want to enact this reform, and this  vote is being denied again.   How long must our servicemembers wait for real reform? How long must  they wait for a criminal justice system that is worthy of their  sacrifice? There is no persuasive argument for the need to allow more  time to consider this legislation in committee. The committee has had  nearly a decade to consider it. Most Members of this body have had  years to consider it, and those who have had the least time to consider  it, our newest Members, have already seen the need for reform. Nine out  of ten new Senators, Republicans and Democrats alike, including the two  new members of the Armed Services Committee, have already cosponsored  this bill.   This bill is now supported by 64 bipartisan Senators who deserve to  have the opportunity to cast a vote for this important bill. We don't  have to take the time for another incremental step. It is time to bring  this vote to the floor.   I ask unanimous consent that, at a time to be determined by the  majority leader, in consultation with the Republican leader, the Senate  Armed Services Committee be discharged from further consideration of S.  1520 and the Senate proceed to its consideration; that there be 2 hours  for debate equally divided in the usual form; and that upon the use or  yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the bill with no intervening  action or debate.    Mr. President, I continue to advocate for the  ability of this body to vote up or down on this bill. This is an  important moment in our Nation's history. This is a generational change  whose time has come.   Previously, when such important reforms were needed, such as the  don't ask, don't tell repeal, they were brought directly to the floor.  It is time to bring this to the floor.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   