 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise again--again--to call for  every Senator to have a chance to vote on our bill, the Military  Justice Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act. It is time to move  the most serious crimes like sexual assault and murder out of the chain  of command and put them in the hands of the most capable people in the  military--independent, impartial, highly trained uniformed prosecutors.   This is an issue that deserves urgency. I have been calling for a  full floor vote since May 24. Since that time, an estimated 3,136  servicemembers will have been raped or sexually assaulted and more will  have been victims of other serious crimes. While I am heartened to see,  after many years of pushing for reform, that growing numbers of our  colleagues, the Department of Defense, and the President have  acknowledged that we must move sexual assault and related crimes like  sexual violence out of the chain of command, it is simply not enough.   I ask my colleagues to consider what it truly means to have special  victim prosecutors looking only at cases of sexual assault and related  crimes. It means that all the myriad crimes that are often linked to  special victims' cases will get left out and pushed into a system that  is not trained to see them for what they are.   Let's just take a simple case of a forged check. Say a soldier takes  his girlfriend's checkbook and forges her name. If a commander looks at  that, they are likely to take that at face value, see it as a simple,  cut-and-dried case of someone stealing money from someone else, and  move forward with nonjudicial punishment.   If a military prosecutor was to look at that same case, they might  see something entirely different. That is because prosecutors are  trained to see linkages between crimes. They are taught to ask  different questions. So when they see a forged check, they ask: Is  there more happening here? And there usually is.   Research has shown that financial abuse occurs in 99 percent of  domestic violence cases. Financial abuse can be the means by which an  abuser gains control in a relationship, and it is often the main reason  a survivor stays with their abuser. While a prosecutor who has worked  on cases of both financial crimes and domestic violence would know  that, a commander wouldn't likely know.   The truth is, the realities of intimate partner violence go far  beyond sexual assault and harassment. It can include forging checks and  carrying out other forms of financial fraud, as well as other serious  crimes.   We know that child endangerment can be linked to domestic violence  and intimate partner violence, as can kidnapping. Arson can be the tool  of someone attempting to cover up these  [[Page S4942]]  crimes. And murder, manslaughter, and murder of a pregnant woman can  be, and often are, the final, tragic culmination of domestic violence.  When these types of crimes are presented to commanders, they may be  just the tip of an iceberg--the tip of an iceberg of cases that we all  agree should be handled by a special prosecutor.   So if we truly want to help survivors of sexual assault and domestic  violence, we have to acknowledge that some of those crimes don't happen  in a vacuum. We must remove all serious crimes out of the chain of  command and into the hands of trained prosecutors who have the  education, training, and experience that these cases require and that  our servicemembers deserve.   The Military Justice Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act does  exactly that, and it is supported by the major veterans service  organization groups, as well as groups like the National Alliance to  End Sexual Violence and the National Coalition Against Domestic  Violence, which recognize the true impact of this reform. It is also  supported by a bipartisan, filibuster-proof majority of Senators who  should be allowed the opportunity to cast their vote.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that at a time to be  determined by the majority leader in consultation with the Republican  leader, the Senate Committee on Armed Services be discharged from  further consideration of S. 1520 and the Senate proceed to its  consideration; that there be 2 hours for debate equally divided in the  usual form, and that upon the use or yielding back of that time, the  Senate vote on the bill with no intervening action or debate.    Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   