 Madam President, I today rise in support of the  nomination of Ms. Avril Haines as the Director of National  Intelligence.   Last night, the Senate overwhelming voted to confirm Ms. Avril Haines  as the Director of National Intelligence with a vote of 84-10.   I voted in support of Director Haines as I believe her to be a  highly-qualified professional with the trust and mandate by President  Biden to be a strong leader and reinstall stability and objectivity to  the intelligence community.   She has pledged to defend and uphold our democracy, our freedoms and  our values by ensuring there is simply no place for politics ever when  it comes to intelligence.   It is clear from her background that Ms. Haines has the experience  necessary to be an effective DNI.   She has served as both the Deputy Director of CIA and as Deputy  National Security Advisor to President Obama, along with other  positions in the White House and Congress.   Her nearly 20 years of experience in national security, intelligence,  and foreign policy matters gives her valuable insight into the many  challenges facing the intelligence community and makes her a great  choice for Director of National Intelligence.   Based on my conversations with Director Haines and her testimony  before the Senate Intelligence Committee, I am fully confident she has  what it takes to put the IC on the right path.   During her confirmation hearing on Tuesday, January 19, 2021,  Director Haines outlined her top three priorities: No. 1, strengthening  the institution including increasing trust and credibility with  analytic objectivity; No. 2, better aligning IC efforts and resources  to the major threats we are facing such as China and transnational  threats; and No. 3, building better partnerships Congress, academia,  the private sector, U.S. State and local officials, and with other  countries.   I strongly agree on these significant priorities and look forward to  periodically receiving updates from her on these.   Furthermore, I thank her for her clearly stated position that  waterboarding is, in fact, torture and that the CIA's former  interrogation program's enhanced interrogation techniques included  torture.   In short, she is the ideal candidate to head the intelligence  community at a time when we face numerous crisis threatening our  national security.   She inherits an intelligence community beset by challenges, and I  look forward to working with her to protect the American people.   