 Mr. President, I so appreciate the remarks of my  colleague from Missouri, and it sounds as if he is hearing from his  constituents in Missouri the same thing that I am hearing in Tennessee.   As a matter of fact, I held a telephone townhall last night. Thirty  thousand of our citizens from Upper  [[Page S7121]]  East Tennessee were on this call, and to say that they are unhappy  would be to put it mildly. That really is an understatement. They are  angry. They are frustrated. They are exhausted with what this  administration is doing. They are angry with how the Federal Government  is responding to a host of issues.   They really took President Biden at his word for his Build Back  Better. They expected that. But that is not what they have gotten. He  has made a mess of it, and, indeed, what you have is a ``Build Back  Broke'' agenda.   And my colleague from Missouri really laid that out. It is ``Build  Back Broke.'' That is what they are bringing forward. And that agenda  of President Biden's and the Democratic Party has really destroyed a  lot of the hopes and the dreams and some of the renewed prosperity of  Tennesseans whose job isn't to study the economy but to move it  forward.   They do the heavy lift every single day.   Last night, I spoke with businessowners who feel like they are under  attack by this administration and their economic policy. The cost of  doing business is going up. They are bleeding customers because they  have less disposable income because of inflation, because of the price  at the pump.   Supply chains are collapsing around them. It is difficult to get raw  materials, like lumber and steel. They have no confidence at all in the  administration's willingness or ability to solve this problem. They  feel as if the administration does not give the ripping flip about what  happens to them in Upper East Tennessee. This administration has  forgotten them.   On top of everything else, these vaccine mandates--now, we are  hearing a lot about that, and we are hearing from people who know they  are going to lose their job. Many times, these are women who are the  sole source--the sole source--of income for their families. These  families are very concerned about how they are going to handle  inflation, collapsing supply lines, how they are going to handle some  of the broken social policies that this administration and their allies  are trying to sneak into law.   So far this year, we have seen our colleagues across the aisle and  down at the White House try to force through provisions of the Green  New Deal that would bankrupt your average family and destroy economic  development opportunities in rural areas.   We know that it is expected that the cost to heat your home this  winter is going to increase 30 percent. Now, how do you handle that  when you have lost your job? Do you just sit there and freeze? And you  are losing your job because of a Federal mandate that says you have to  go get a shot in order to keep a job that you love, in order to put  food on the table to feed your family. This makes no sense.   I also heard from parents very upset about critical race theory and  the way this administration is trying to hijack education and force  this curriculum, force cradle-to-grave socialism--daylight to dark, 24/ 7, depend on the Federal Government.   One of the things that frightens Tennesseans the most and came up  regularly on our telephone townhall was the broken border policies. I  have said it before; I will say it again. This fear has nothing to do  with racism and xenophobia. This administration and my colleagues  across the aisle need to get that point through their heads.   Tennesseans are afraid because they look at the border. What they are  seeing is vulnerability. They see the drugs coming across that border  because the drugs end up in their streets: fentanyl, meth, heroin.   Every town is a border town. Every State is a border State because  Joe Biden's border policy is: Open up the border. Hang out the ``Y'all  come sign,'' and give everybody a plane ticket to wherever they are  going in the country. And, oh, by the way, if the commercial flights  are full, don't worry about it. We will go charter you a jet and send  you under the cloak of darkness into Chattanooga or into Knoxville or  into West Chester County. That is what concerns Tennesseans.   They are seeing what is happening with sex trafficking, with human  trafficking. They are afraid of what cartels are doing because the  cartels are saying: Thank you, Joe Biden. The door is open. We were not  fearful. We are setting up distribution centers on U.S. soils.   That is right, the cartels, setting up their distribution centers.  Why? Because Joe Biden is weak and feckless and doesn't stand up to  protect the southern border.   There is another thing that they were quite exercised about last  night, and it is the issue of election integrity. Indeed, I had a  Tennessean call me at 6:45 this morning, and he said: Marsha, you have  got to be kidding me. You mean they want to pass a bill that says  anybody can go vote, that you can go vote the day of the election, that  you don't have to show an ID to vote?   He said: You know, I recently had to show not only a vaccine card but  my ID to prove that was my vaccine card to go sit inside at the In-N- Out Burger.   This is why people are so frustrated with Joe Biden. This is why they  are so frustrated with the Democrats.   What are they looking for? They are looking for legislators to have  some backbone, to stand up and stand for freedom, not to kowtow to a  socialist agenda, because they know if the Democratic leadership and  Joe Biden had their way with one vote, they would take one vote, and  they would push to a socialist agenda.   I yield the floor.   