 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Reschenthaler) for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I am going to read a statement from one of my  Democratic colleagues here today.   ``Because of last-minute late-night changes to the latest version of  the Build Back Better Act, two-thirds of millionaires would get a big  tax cut for the next 5 years under the bill. That is one reason that I  refuse to vote for the bill without time to review the changes made to  it a little over a week ago. Now we know. The tax benefits to  [[Page H6605]]  these millionaires over 5 years could be 50 times as large as the  benefit of the child tax credit for a typical low- or middle-income  family. The bill spends more on tax breaks for millionaires than on  childcare assistance, education, seniors, and even more than all of the  healthcare provisions combined.''   This is from one of our Democratic colleagues. If one of our  Democratic colleague is stating this, then we know that there is  bipartisan opposition to this bill, a bill that we know is going to  kill every single American's American Dream. This is a socialist  nightmare that we can simply not afford.   One in 25 people in this country is here illegally, and this bill  will create a pathway for amnesty and all of the social welfare  programs that go with it. We cannot afford this. We cannot agree to  bankrupt our children and our grandchildren because of a political  agenda. It is unfair. It is not right. It is un-American. I urge all of  my colleagues, consider your children, your grandchildren.   Madam Speaker, 10 years ago, I, myself, was homeless, and under this  bill, had these programs been in place, I probably would have never  been able to be standing here today because the American Dream is  bankrupted under this bill.   Madam Speaker, I urge every single one of my colleagues, think with  your hearts and your heads rather than the political agenda that you  have been tasked with executing. Vote for the American people.   