 Mr. Speaker, it appears that the death of 13 American  soldiers and the billions in American military equipment handed over to  terrorists isn't enough tragedy for my Democrat colleagues.   To continue their legacy of death and destruction, progressives  decided to bring abortion on demand up for a vote this week. These  baby-killing advocates have been spewing lies and half-truths at an  alarming rate since heartbeat bills have been passed by States all  across the country. So, I thought I would just address a few of these  lies.   Lie number one: Abortion is good for women. That is some CNN fake  news right there.   Women who have an abortion have an 81 percent increase in risk for  mental health problems and are 35 percent more likely to commit  suicide. Abortion doubles the risk of alcoholism for women, increases  the risk of future miscarriages by up to 60 percent, and, of course,  increases the chances of death in the mother. Every abortion leaves one  dead and one wounded. Abortion is bad for women.   Lie number two: Rape victims need abortions.   Wrong. They need love. They need support. They need safety and  healing. They needed a Glock 19 when it happened. It is time we start  addressing killing the raper rather than the baby. What isn't needed is  trying to rectify a horrible situation through the killing of an  innocent life.   Abortion makes up only 3 percent of Planned Parenthood's services.  Yep, that is lie number 3. Seriously, no one believes this.   Planned Parenthood is America's number one abortion provider. More  than 96 percent of women who seek help at Planned Parenthood have  abortions. Planned Parenthood is for women's healthcare like Mattress  Firm sells mattresses. Right.   And number four: Heartbeat bills restrict abortion.   Actually, this one is true. You are damn right they restrict  abortion, and I am proud to support them. I am proud that, in just a  few years, because of heartbeat bills all across America, there will be  children enrolling in elementary schools, laughing and smiling because  someone took a stand for the voiceless.   God bless these children. God bless their mothers. And God bless  America.   