 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I and  Senator Hagerty be able to complete our remarks prior to the scheduled  recess.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today in support of the nomination  of Lauren King to serve as U.S. District Court judge for the Western  District of Washington in the Seattle courthouse.   Ms. King is an immensely talented and experienced practitioner of the  law, whom I had the honor of recommending to the President for this  position, and I am proud to be advocating for her confirmation here  today.   Ms. King currently chairs Foster Garvey's Native American Law  Practice Group and has served as a pro tem appellate judge for the  Northwest Intertribal Court System since 2013. She has served as a  commissioner on the Washington State Gambling Commission and taught  Federal Indian law at Seattle University School of Law.   Her qualifications are exemplary, and Ms. King's confirmation will  also be a historic one. She is a citizen of the Muscogee Nation, and  she would be the first-ever Native American Federal judge in the  history of my home State of Washington.   Out of the 890 currently confirmed Federal judges, only 3 are Native  American. Ms. King would become the fourth, and she would be the sixth- ever Native American judge in U.S. history.   While this number is still too low, Ms. King's confirmation will be  an important step toward making sure the members of the Federal  judiciary reflect the diversity of our Nation and have critical  experience and insight into the unique relationship between our Federal  Government and Native Tribes.   This is especially important in Washington State, which for those who  don't know, is home to 29 federally recognized Indian Tribes.  [[Page S6902]]    So it is not just important but essential that our Federal judges  understand the unique histories and perspectives of Native people and  the legal principles that protect and preserve Native American standing  under Federal law.   I believe this is a perspective that matters and one that has been  missing for far too long. With her experience in the Northwest  Intertribal Court System and representing Tribes in private practice,  Ms. King has a deep understanding of these principles and the legal  issues that Tribes in Washington State face. And she has the support of  major Native voices in the space. She has been strongly endorsed by the  National Native American Bar Association, the National Congress of  American Indians, the Native American Rights Fund, and more.   She has earned the support by being a sharp legal mind and a fair and  just arbiter of the law. I firmly believe Ms. King has the experience,  knowledge, and perspective required to serve on our Federal judiciary  with distinction.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting her nomination. We can  confirm highly qualified judges, and we can make sure our Federal bench  reflects the diversity of the people it serves.   And before I close, I also want to acknowledge the two historic U.S.  attorneys for Washington State who were confirmed last week. Nick  Brown, of Seattle, is the first Black U.S. attorney for the Western  District of Washington, and Vanessa Waldref, of Spokane, is the first  U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Washington.   I know that both of these historic appointees have the experience  needed to be successful, and I am confident they will work diligently  to pursue justice for the people of my home State.   I yield the floor.   