 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. It  is an honor to serve on the House Natural Resources Committee with you.   Madam Speaker, the West is currently burning to the ground. We are  seeing historic wildfires, meanwhile the House of Representatives, the  people's House, is arguing over mask mandates and passing dead-on- arrival budgetary bills.   Ninety-three percent of the West is under severe drought, and it is  past time we pass legislation that would provide effective solutions  that our constituents are calling for on a daily basis.   That is exactly what I have been working toward. In March, I was  proud to introduce the Western Water Security Act. This legislation  protects Tribal groups, farmers, ranchers, agricultural districts,  towns, small businesses, and other water users who rely on privately  held water rights that have been put in jeopardy by the Federal  Government. Instead of joining my bill to ensure these protections,  Democrats are trying to curb cow flatulence; that is right, cow farts.  That is their priority. The lack of leadership by House Democrats is  totally unacceptable.   And here is what I mean by that.   Under President Trump, the historic multi-State Drought Contingency  Plan was implemented which, among other benefits, prevented water cuts  and rationing while protecting the water levels of Colorado's two  largest reservoirs.   Under President Trump, the Federal Government implemented Title  Transfer authority, getting Federal water facilities transferred to  local, more capable water suppliers.   And under President Trump, Republicans fixed Obama's WOTUS  regulations, providing water security to ranchers and farmers across  America.   In contrast, under the Biden regime, we have seen bureaucrat laziness  101. An interagency working group was formed. Yeah, whoop-de-do. How is  that working for anyone? What have they done? No one knows. Since  April, my colleagues and I have questioned the Biden regime's  appointees and received no concrete answers or responses that were  promised.   And there are more appointees that are waiting for confirmation, like  the potential head of the Bureau of Land Management. The woman who will  be the director of the Bureau of Land Management is a known  ecoterrorist.   This is all terrible. And this is all under the Biden regime. This  regime is failing the American people, and the cost is far too high.   I urge my colleagues to join my Western Water Security Act and let us  begin to protect private property rights, and our water rights, while  ensuring an abundant supply of clean water for future generations.    Madam Speaker, we need to drain the swamp, not our reservoirs. I  thank Ranking Member Westerman for yielding me this time and for  leading on this important issue.   