 Madam President, it has been so interesting to talk  with Tennesseans over the past couple of weeks, and it is interesting  in the vein that they are beginning to really question some of the  proposals that my Democratic colleagues are bringing forward and items  that they are pushing from the left side of the aisle.   I have to tell you that I honestly can't blame them. After all, when  they promised COVID relief, they delivered a blue State bailout, which  was something that was not popular in Tennessee. They said that they  were going to be all for some much needed infrastructure projects. In  Tennessee, we like to talk about this in terms of roads and railways  and runways and rivers. Yet what did the people from Tennessee hear?  They heard all about the Green New Deal, they heard about incentives  for electric vehicles, and they heard about alternative energy. They  looked at that infrastructure bill and said: This is fantasyland.   Then, when they promised to support families and children, what did  you get from the left side of the aisle? You got support for expanding  the welfare state.   Now Senate Democrats have promised to vote on legislation that they  claim is going to make our elections more transparent. Hmm. That is  interesting. Surprising no one, the bill the Democrats are trying to  sell to the American people will do exactly the opposite.   Of course, in typical fashion of the House, what did it do? It gave  it a friendly sounding name--the For the People Act--but in actuality,  this is a bill that would take away rights and responsibilities from  the American people.   They are saying: This is going to be about transparency. Well, when  we think of transparency, we think of things that are going to be seen,  of things that are going to be easily understood. We think of things  from which the activity within is going to be made available so that  people can see this. It should follow, then, that a bill that is  promising transparent elections would be there to help voters  understand the rules, trust the people in charge, and cast their votes  of confidence. It would not be a bill that would seize control from  local officials and place it in the hands of unelected Washington  bureaucrats, and it would not be a bill that would make it literally  impossible to stand up polling places. It certainly would not be a bill  that would erode confidence in ballot integrity, but that is what we  have. It just doesn't make sense what they are trying to do when it  comes to voting.   Even with all of this, my Democratic colleagues have spent most of  this year trying to sell the American public on a bill that would  centralize power, that would impose burdensome rules on State and local  governments, and that would take away constitutional responsibilities  and rights and all but ensure rampant voter fraud. That is correct. A  piece of legislation that would do--what?--make it easier to cheat.   So, in the interest of the transparency my Democratic colleagues have  promised, let's take a closer look at the legislation they are pushing  forward.   Like most proposals they have tried to force through this year, this  latest, brazen political power grab is built on a foundation of  unreasonable mandates--mandates from the Federal Government to the  State and local governments. Yet, rather than simplifying the process,  these new rules would throw your local elections into chaos.   If passed, the provisions in this bill would mandate the use of  ballot casting technology and voter registration systems that don't  even exist yet. That is correct. What is being mandated is not in  existence, but when it does come to exist, you can bet that it will  cost a fortune, that it will come with a steep learning curve, and that  there will be buddies of the Democratic Party that will make a bucket  of money.   The same automatic registration procedures that failed voters in  California and Illinois will fail voters in every State in this  country.   It would force States to stand aside for activists running ballot  harvesting schemes--and, indeed, ballot harvesting is a scheme. Anyone  who has ever watched one of these campaigns in action knows that  forcing officials to tolerate them is an invitation for these activists  to engage in a little sleight of hand, if you will.   In fact, this bill truly outdoes itself when it comes to encouraging  fraud. Its hallmark provision would ban meaningful voter ID laws and  stop State and local officials from cleaning up their voter rolls. This  bill strips away every commonsense defense against voter fraud.   It would also inject fear into the process by mandating donor  disclosure and weaponizing a partisan FEC against minority political  parties.  [[Page S4570]]    The American people know there is only one reason you would work this  hard to remove transparency from elections: They are seeking to remove  transparency from the voter. Truth be told, many of my colleagues  across the aisle know it, too, which is why this bill has earned  bipartisan opposition.   I have spent the better part of 2 years coming to the floor to object  to various iterations of this bill, and I will continue to do so until  my colleagues abandon this partisan power grab.   I yield the floor.   