 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as if in  morning business.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today because it is  time to make daylight saving time permanent.   This Sunday, millions of Americans are going to once again roll their  clocks back, and in no time, next spring, they will have to roll their  clocks forward. For what reason? I don't know a single person who loves  to go through the trouble of figuring out whether their microwave or  their oven has the hour right or anyone who looks forward to the Sun  setting earlier and earlier every winter.   But beyond convenience, this really is a matter of health and safety.  Studies have shown that our switch to standard time can increase rates  of seasonal depression, as well as heart problems and the risk of  stroke. Researchers also believe that if we made daylight saving time  permanent, there would be fewer car accidents and evening robberies  thanks to a more regular schedule and an extra hour of Sun.   There are studies that indicate permanent daylight saving time could  offset reduced economic activity that we see during standard time and  even would lead to greater energy savings.   The people in my home State of Washington know this. That is why we  have already passed legislation to switch to permanent daylight saving  time. And it is not just Washington; States across the country--Florida  and California and Maine and many more--have now passed legislation in  their States or resolutions to make daylight saving time year-round.  But they are powerless to enact the overwhelming will of the people  until they get Federal approval.   To put it simply, Americans want more sunshine and less depression.   That is actually why I am very proud to cosponsor the bipartisan  Sunshine Protection Act of 2021, which would extend Daylight Saving  Time permanently so Americans can enjoy having sunlight during their  most productive hour of the day and never have to worry about changing  their clocks again.   Congress has to be part of the solution. Here is a bipartisan issue  that we can and we should all get behind.   Now, I am working very hard to support the passage of this bill  however possible. But this is something my constituents are truly fed  up with, so I am also pressing the Department of Transportation to  explore every avenue available to them to at least let States--like  mine, whose voters overwhelmingly want permanent Daylight Saving Time-- have it.   (Ms. CORTEZ MASTO assumed the Chair.)   Madam President, in this country, when people have demanded changes  to daylight saving rules or if it benefits the country, like saving  daylight during World War I or the oil embargo in the 1970s, we have  simply just changed the rules.   No one wants dark afternoons during the winter or to lose an extra  hour of sleep every spring. And I can assure you that every parent that  has to deal with a child every time we change the clock and it upsets  their routines will be behind this.   For goodness' sake, voters across the country have shown that they  support  [[Page S7779]]  this; research shows that it is good for public health; and studies  actually demonstrate real economic and energy saving benefits.   So, Madam President, I urge that we pass the Sunshine Protection Act  and finally make Daylight Saving Time permanent.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   