 Madam President, last month alone, more than 100,000  migrants crossed our southern border. Our ports of entry are overrun;  holding facilities are packed; and, yes, our Border Patrol agents are  absolutely exhausted. They are exhausted. This isn't just a logistical  challenge; it is a tragedy made worse by the Biden administration's  disastrous open borders policies.   The crisis is escalating, especially for the tens of thousands of  children who have arrived in this country very much alone.  Unaccompanied minors accounted for nearly 10 percent of all migrants  who crossed our border last month. That is roughly 10,000 children a  month walking into chaos.   Anyone paying a bit of attention knows what is going on here. Customs  and Border Protection has been sounding the alarm on the connection  between children and human trafficking for years. The coyotes, the  cartels, and the gangs use children as drug mules. They use them as sex  slaves. If you don't believe me, ask anyone with the CBP why they  administer pregnancy tests to little girls as young as 13 as soon as  they arrive at the border.   This is a heartbreaking situation. These children are living in hell,  and it is getting worse. False claims of family ties have fueled a rise  in fraudulent asylum claims and in human trafficking. Adult migrants  are making arrangements with cartels and smugglers to borrow children.  They claim kinship and use that relationship to bolster a fraudulent  asylum claim. And what do they do when they have gotten what they want?  They send the child back across the border to start the entire  nightmarish process with another stranger. That is correct. This is  called child recycling, but I think ``recycling'' is an odd choice of  words to describe one human being treating another human being like a  piece of garbage. Again, this is heartbreaking.   If you want to get an idea of how big a problem we have, consider  that the Department of Homeland Security says that, over the past  decade, they have seen a 1,675-percent increase in asylum cases.   In 2019, Immigration and Customs Enforcement implemented a pilot DNA  testing program to try to stop this rampant exploitation. They found  that 20 percent of all kinship claims they were able to screen were  lies--20 percent.   This is a humanitarian crisis, an environmental crisis, and a health  and safety crisis. The Biden administration has lost control of this  situation, but there are things we can do right now to protect these  children and put the smugglers in check.   This week, I introduced the End Child Trafficking Now Act, which  would require our border agents to administer DNA tests to adult  migrants claiming kinship with a minor without migrants' having the  legal documentation to prove it.   If the adult refuses, they will be immediately deported. Furthermore,  the bill mandates a 10-year penalty for all alien adults who lie about  their relationship with a minor.   The test is simple. It takes about 90 minutes. Ninety minutes could  mean the difference between that child finding safety in the United  States and that child being dragged back to a cartel.   We are on pace to see 17,000 more unaccompanied minors arrive this  month. ICE proved this testing strategy can help protect them. There is  no valid, fact-based reason not to do it.   Madam President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further  consideration of S. 903 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration. Further, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I think my colleague understands  that this bill would apply to individuals, to adults who cannot show  kinship and do not have legal documentation.   We know that human trafficking, sex trafficking, and child  trafficking have become a major industry. We know that child recycling  is a practice that is used by the cartels. We know that they are using  this to move adults into the country; thereby, this is something that  would put the cartels in check and show that we are not going to stand  for them recycling children, claiming kinship to children who are not  theirs, and trying to move drug smugglers and cartel members into this  country.   