 Mr. President, I rise today in support of Xavier  Becerra's nomination to be Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health  and Human Services.   I am proud to have known Xavier Becerra for many years as both a  friend and colleague. He has spent decades serving California,  including as the State's attorney general and as a 12-term Congressman  from Los Angeles.   Mr. Becerra was the first in his family to receive a 4-year college  degree, earning his bachelor of arts in economics from Stanford  University and, later, his juris doctorate from Stanford Law School. As  a member of the House of Representatives, he was a strong advocate for  the healthcare of his constituents and fought to make the Affordable  Care Act law. And as California attorney general he has been a staunch  defender of the Affordable Care Act, leading 20 States and the District  of Columbia in defense of the Affordable Care Act before the Supreme  Court.   As part of his focus on protecting the health of Americans, Mr.  Becerra has worked on a bipartisan basis with multistate coalitions of  attorneys general on issues still affecting our country today. These  include the need to reduce youth exposure to tobacco products like e- cigarettes, increasing access to COVID-19 treatments, as well as  addressing the opioid epidemic and the considerable harm it has caused  families.   As our State's attorney general, Mr. Becerra has led the Nation's  second largest department of justice behind only the U.S. Department of  Justice. His experience leading large and diverse organizations will  position him to successfully lead the Department of Health and Human  Services, which is the Nation's largest Federal agency by budget.   As Secretary, he will lead the Nation's top health agency charged  with enhancing the health and well-being of all Americans. In this  global pandemic, he will play a lead role in overseeing the  implementation of President Biden's national strategy for COVID-19  response, which is vital to defeating the virus that has plagued our  country for far too long. His history-making nomination as the first  Latino to manage this Department comes at a time when this pandemic is  affecting communities of color at much higher rates than white  Americans. And those of us who know him personally know the level of  his concern and the strength of his dedication to protect the health  and safety of all hard-working Americans and their families.   In short, Xavier Becerra is the right candidate to lead the  Department of Health and Human Services at this time, and I strongly  urge the Senate to confirm his nomination. Thank you.   