 Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Madam President, I call up my amendment No. 996 and  ask that it be reported by number.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent for 4  minutes of debate, equally divided.    Madam President, this amendment strikes an unfair  hospital wage index earmark that would benefit just three States: Rhode  Island, New Jersey, and Delaware. It would give preferential treatment  to them for the consideration of the area wage index.   The benefit comes at the expense of poor Americans that are living in  rural areas and make the payout disparities between rural and urban  hospitals worse than they already are. If you have rural hospitals in  your State and you vote against this amendment, what you are doing is  taking money from those hospitals; you are making these disparities  worse.   It is a multibillion dollar earmark. Get that, a multibillion dollar  earmark. It has nothing to do with COVID relief and does not belong in  this bill.    Madam President, to respond to this, I think what you  just heard from my colleague from Rhode Island is what happens with too  much government interference into healthcare. That is what he is  complaining about, as we have been up all night long working on this  bill. There is nothing that makes New Jersey, Rhode Island, and  Delaware more special than the other States in this country.   If you have rural hospitals, if you have--if you vote no on this  amendment, you are making the disparities worse. And I would urge a  ``yes'' vote on the amendment.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, to most people back home in Tennessee,  ``business as usual'' here in Washington means a combination of  partisan bickering and reckless spending, usually after someone up high  decides not to let a crisis go to waste. They are used to watching this  all play out on TV, then looking at the receipt and seeing a billion  dollars' worth of earmarks and pork barrel spending they didn't order.   Right now, Democrats are doing their best to spin the scandal their  absurb $1.9 trillion bailout bill has caused as ``business as usual''  but Tennesseans aren't stupid. They know the spin is a lie because over  the past year they have seen what ``business as usual'' looks like when  it comes to passing COVID relief funding.   Since last March, the Senate has passed five separate relief laws  with overwhelming bipartisan support, 96-1, 90-8, 96-0, 100-0, and 92- 6.   But what happened with last month's vote on the budget resolution?  Why did it end in a tiebreaker? For the same reason the House passed  their version of the bill we are considering today in the dead of  night. No amount of good PR could ever make the American people forget  that this little exercise the Democrats are leading us through has  almost nothing to do with providing emergency COVID relief.   Nine percent. That is how much of this package Democrats want to  dedicate to a national vaccination program, expanded testing, and  public health jobs. They slapped a ``COVID RELIEF'' label on one of the  largest transfers of wealth ever proposed in the history of the U.S.  Congress and tried to sneak it through reconciliation before anyone  caught on.   This bill is so far over the line that my friends across the aisle  have spent the past week fighting over the very provisions House  Democrats and the White House used to pitch it. The bill is fatally  flawed, right down to the formula it employs to allocate State funding.  The previous, bipartisan relief packages used population to determine  this. It very straightforward. But this time, Democrats ran the numbers  and decided they could benefit by making unemployment rate the deciding  factor. And, wouldn't you know it, this new system disproportionately  benefits poorly mannaged blue States at the expense of well-managed red  ones. New Jersey, New York, and California, whose destructive shutdowns  led to high unemployment rates, will walk away with a combined gain of  almost $9 billion. Tennessee, on the other hand, is still one of the  best fiscally managed States in the country. We will lose $164 million  for doing the right thing. Alabama will lose almost $900 million. Both  Florida and Georgia will lose over $l.2 billion each.   If this body mandates a transfer of wealth based solely on Democrats'  desire to clean up their prepandemic mistakes, we will scare off  investment and hamper innovation in every State long after we are able  to fully reopen. This isn't a hypothetical--leaders on the State level  know what is coming. Last week, 22 Governors, including Tennessee  Governor Bill Lee, released a joint statement pointing out the foolish  premise driving the new formula. I would like to associate myself with  what they said: ``A state's ability to keep businesses open and people  employed should not be a penalizing factor when distributing funds.''   If this happens, small towns and mom-and-pop shops will suffer. Those  budding tech hubs you hear so much about will suffer. The unemployed  people my colleagues on the left are using as leverage against their  political rivals will suffer.   So I would ask my colleagues whether fulfilling campaign promises is  worth what it will cost the families and small business owners stuck  holding the bill. And to the Democratic Senators representing States  losing out, I would say that we will be happy  [[Page S1268]]  to remind your constituents that you voted to send their tax dollars to  New York and California and Illinois and other States that  intentionally dragged their economies off a cliff.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The majority leader.   