 Mr. President, on January 6, 2021, the heart of  American democracy was attacked by a violent mob seeking to stop the  counting of electoral votes in Congress and the peaceful transition of  power. The peaceful transition of power is the hallmark of any healthy  democracy and the foundation of our government by the people. That  tradition has endured in our country since the ``Revolution of 1800''  when John Adams lost his election to Thomas Jefferson, marking the  first peaceful change of Executive party in the United States. Years  later, Jefferson would write about the ``Revolution of 1800'' and say,  ``for that was as real a revolution in the principles of our government  as that of 76 . . . not effected indeed by the sword . . . but by the  rational and peaceable instrument of reform, the suffrage of the  people.'' Sadly, the attack on the Capitol was an attempt to return to  the ``sword,'' and it was incited by the President of the United  States.   Donald Trump's actions leading up to and on January 6 demonstrated  what I believed following his first impeachment: He was unfit for the  Presidency and betrayed his oath to faithfully execute the office of  President and preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution. Donald  Trump engaged in a months-long campaign of lies and misinformation  about voter fraud in the 2020 election to mislead the American people  and maintain power. This campaign was waged with a singular purpose: to  overturn a free and fair election through any means necessary. It  included calls to State election officials in Georgia where he urged  them to ``find votes'' that would allow him to win the State; wild  conspiracy theories that voting machines had been rigged against him;  and baseless lawsuits that were rejected more than 60 times by Federal  courts at all levels. This insidious effort culminated at the ``Save  America'' rally on January 6 when the former President urged his  supporters to ``fight like hell'' and directed them to march on  Congress where the counting of electoral votes had begun.   The House Managers presented a detailed timeline of the former  President's actions before, during, and after the election that exposed  his effort to subvert the Constitution and defy the will of the  American people. The evidence presented against the former President  demonstrated that he sought to undermine and ultimately overturn the  results of the 2020 election. It showed that when his challenges in  court had failed and the electoral results had been certified, he  turned his attention and all the power of the Presidency to January 6.  He encouraged his supporters to come to DC to ``stop the steal'' and  pressured former Vice President Pence to assert power he did not have  under the Constitution to overturn the election. Trump amassed a crowd  of individuals waiting for his direction, including armed individuals  who had planned an attack for weeks in response to the President's  claims that the election was stolen.   The former President's actions had deadly and destructive  consequences. Insurrectionists stormed the Capitol building,  desecrating the seat of American Government and the physical  manifestation of freedom for people across the world. The  insurrectionists viciously beat police officers defending our  democracy, vandalized the building, and terrorized those inside. All  the while, the mob chanted ``hang Mike Pence,'' ``President Trump sent  us'' and ``traitor, traitor, traitor.'' When the attack was over,  hundreds of police officers and others were injured, and five people  were dead, including a brave Capitol police officer who lost his life  defending our Capitol. The attack was viewed across the world and has  undeniably tarnished America's reputation as a beacon of freedom and  democracy.   What was the former President's response to this treasonous attack on  our constitutional process? It was to repeat the sinister lies that had  led to the attack in the first place and refer to the insurrectionists  as ``great patriots'' whom he loved. The House Managers showed that the  President could have stopped the attack, but he chose instead to  continue his effort to obstruct the counting of the electoral votes.  According to the testimony of Congresswoman Herrera Beutler submitted  to evidence, the former President responded to House Minority Leader  Kevin McCarthy's pleas for help by saying, ``Well, Kevin, I guess these  people (the insurrectionists) are more upset about the election than  you are.'' These are not the actions of a President trying to defend  the Constitution and uphold his oath of office; they are the actions of  an individual intent on retaining power by any means necessary.   The actions of Donald Trump before, during, and after the attack on  the Capitol reflected our Constitution's Framers greatest fear that a  president would do anything to retain power contrary to the will of the  people. They knew well the dangers of a despot and the capacity of  power to corrupt the Republic they had established. That is why I voted  to convict the former President to protect our system of government  from those who would use their office to undermine our Constitution.  Senate precedent, history, and tradition clearly demonstrate that a  former President could be convicted having been impeached by the House  while still in office.   The former President's legal team made no persuasive argument as to  how his remarks on January 6 would be considered protected speech under  the First Amendment or why he could not be convicted as a former  President. As House Manager Raskin said during his argument, ``if this  is not impeachable conduct then what is?'' I believe it fits squarely  within the high crimes and misdemeanors identified as an eligible  offense for impeachment in the Constitution. Thus, I exercised my  responsibility as a juror to vote to convict and ensure that the  actions of the former President would not go unchecked.   Donald Trump betrayed his oath of office and he betrayed the American  people. His actions must not go unanswered. The oath that I took and my  allegiance to it require that I preserve, protect, and defend the  Constitution by voting to convict a former President whose zealous  pursuit of unchecked power will forever be remembered as one of the  darkest days in American history. As a U.S. Senator, I will continue to  take a stand against actions that violates the fundamental norms and  ideals of American democracy.   