 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to call up H.R.  682, the Reopen Schools Act, to get our kids out from behind screens  and back in the classroom.    Mr. Speaker, in 2019, as a private citizen, a mom, a  small business owner, I was ticked off that a politician running for  President of the United States wanted to strip away our enumerated  constitutional rights. So with my Glock on my hip, I drove 3 hours to  tell Robert Francis O'Rourke, also known as Beto, hell no, you are not  taking our guns.   That message resonated with millions of Americans. But, sadly, the  Democrat Party, isolated in their basements and gated mansions, still  hasn't gotten the message. Those on the left who would steamroll the  rights of law-abiding citizens are still at it.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle seem to be totally  oblivious to the message Americans sent in 2020. Nearly 8.5 million  Americans purchased a firearm for the very first time in 2020. With the  left defunding the police, and antifa rioting, looting, burning down  businesses, people made the reasonable and rational decision to take  self-protection seriously and arm themselves.   And the Democrat response? More regulations, more bureaucracy, more  control, less freedom.   Mr. Speaker, I will say it again, and I will say it nice and loud so  everyone can hear me. Those on the left are still tucked away safely in  their gated mansions with their armed security, ignoring everyday  Americans.   For me, this is a hell no. It is a hell no to government treading on  our rights. It is a hell no to the regulation of our Second Amendment.  It is a hell no to government trampling on our freedoms.   All these new gun laws will do is leave law-abiding citizens  defenseless while criminals--wait for it--break the law.   So, I have a few questions for my colleagues on the left. I want to  know, why do you trust the American people so little? Why do you look  down on them as lesser than you? How detached are you to believe that  someone else's rights should be subject to bureaucratic permission, to  your permission? Why is it okay to provide armed security for yourself  but take away the right of Americans to do so themselves?   Why do you feel the need to keep a registry of gun owners? Do you not  trust the American people? Are you afraid of your neighbors? Do you  despise their rights?   How much power over the American people will it take to satisfy these  radicals on the left? Our rights don't come from politicians. They come  from God Almighty. Stop pretending to be God. Do your job and protect  the rights of the American people.   