 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding  me the time on this critical issue. I would say to the gentleman from  Massachusetts that I am also giving him the opportunity to urge all of  our colleagues to defeat the previous question so we can take up the  bill, H.R. 1897, the REACT Act.   My commonsense legislation would require the Department of Homeland  Security to test all migrants illegally crossing our border who they  plan to release into our communities for COVID-19.   I have traveled to the U.S.-Mexico border twice this year. On both  trips, I have spoken with the brave men and women serving in Customs  and Border Protection and also the physicians who are stationed there.  I saw the crisis they are facing firsthand. I believe that it is our  Congressional responsibility to address this crisis and support our  officers.   Earlier this month, the DHS Office of Inspector General called for  the Department to improve COVID-19 detection and prevention measures at  the U.S.-Mexico border amid record-setting migrant arrivals. I even  inquired of Secretary Mayorkas in a hearing whether or not testing was  being done, and he alluded and gave the allusion that there was  testing. However, to quote directly from the report, ``CBP does not  conduct COVID-19 for migrants who enter CBP custody and is not required  to do so.''   The report further stated that: ``We recommended DHS reassess its  COVID-19 response framework to identify areas for improvement to  mitigate the spread of COVID-19 while balancing its primary mission of  securing the border.''   Currently, everyone legally entering the United States by plane is  required to display a negative test for COVID-19. Why aren't we  requiring this of those who come here illegally?   Numerous public health officials--and I am one--have stated that the  failure of the U.S. authorities to test adult migrants for the  coronavirus in jam-packed border processing centers is creating a  potential for new transmissions, including among migrants who may have  arrived healthy at America's door.   The administration has correctly recognized the need to test  individuals arriving from Afghanistan--and not only are they tested,  they are vaccinated for  [[Page H5521]]  COVID-19 and other childhood illnesses--but it does not seem to  understand the importance of doing the same to those crossing our  border illegally.   In August, more than 208,000 migrants were encountered along the  southwest border. This means each day, approximately 6,700 individuals  were encountered. To put this in perspective, President Obama's  Secretary of Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson, stated in his tenure that  1,000 apprehensions a day was considered a bad day. We are at more than  six times that now, and on top of that, we continue to face a global  pandemic.   I applaud the work being done by the CBP agents and officers working  around the clock to keep this country safe and healthy. I will also do  whatever I can to support their work.   We recently watched a debacle unfold in Del Rio, Texas, where we have  learned that DHS did not test any of approximately 15,000 migrants who  camped out under the Del Rio Bridge, many of whom who came from South  America where they are experiencing the lambda variant. We now know  that around 12,000 of these individuals were released into the United  States.   Right now, the majority is preparing a reckless multi-trillion-dollar  tax-and-spend package. None of the money in that legislation would go  to CBP, despite the DHS Inspector General clearly stating that CBP  officials do not have the necessary resources to conduct testing.   If the majority already wants to spend trillions upon trillions, why  not include money to support CBP and testing for COVID-19?   The current lack of testing at our border is completely unacceptable  and irresponsible. It puts the health and safety of CBP border  communities, migrants, and all Americans at risk. The current lack of  testing is unacceptable.    Madam Speaker, for this reason, I urge my colleagues on both sides of  the aisle to support my legislation, the REACT Act, by voting ``no'' on  the previous question.   