 Mr. President, today, Wyoming mourns the loss of a  gentle giant, Mike Enzi.   Mike spent his life working to make Wyoming a better place while  creating opportunities for our people. As the mayor of Gillette, a  State legislator, or as a U.S. Senator and senior statesman, Wyoming  had no greater champion than Mike Enzi. He always put Wyoming first and  worked harder than anyone to serve his constituents.   Growing up, Mike's dad would say: I don't care if he is a doctor or a  lawyer or a ditchdigger; I just want him to be proud of what he does.  If he is a ditchdigger, I want any darned fool to be able to look at  that ditch and say: That is a Mike Enzi ditch.   That creed became commonplace in Mike's Senate office.   I will echo Mike's former chief of staff, Coy Knobel, by saying: I  think it is a pretty good ditch.   Mike was a soft-spoken leader, but the many legislative wins he  delivered attest to the impact of his service. At a time of increasing  political incivility, Mike Enzi managed to tactfully and graciously  navigate the upper Chamber, producing results that will be felt for  generations to come. His retirement left a hole in the Senate, and his  death to this world leaves a hole in our State and in our hearts.   Throughout Mike's career in the Senate, he came up with multiple  plans to address our debt and deficit. As an accountant by training and  trade, he knew how to balance a budget and make it through the lean  times. He wanted to set our great Nation up for success for his  children and his grandchildren.   My prayers are with his wife Diana; his children Amy, Emily, and  Brad; and his four grandchildren at this very difficult time. I know  they are proud of the powerful legacy he leaves behind. We all are, and  we have every right to be.   To me, personally, he was more than just our senior Senator. I have  known Mike since the early 1980s, and over the last 40 years, he has  been my personal friend and, as John Barrasso said, mentor. We first  worked together when we were both in the Wyoming State Legislature.  Then we served together in the Wyoming State Senate. Finally, when he  came to the U.S. Senate, I followed him a few years later to the House  of Representatives. I always joked that I was just following him around  like a puppy dog my whole life.   Mike taught me about legislating, but he also taught me about life.  He had a rock-solid faith. His faith was his guiding light. It is  something that my late husband had, too, and I take comfort in knowing  that Mike is peacefully at home in Heaven with his Lord and Savior. I  am Lutheran, and in Martin ``Luther's Small Catechism,'' it says that  Christians like Mike and me and John are redeemed so that I may be His  own and live under Him in His Kingdom and serve Him in everlasting  righteousness, innocence, and blessedness.   I note that because Mike was such a servant leader. He gave his  earthly life to public service, and as Heaven is an everlasting service  of the Lord, I know that no one is more prepared for that than Mike. He  was a servant leader on Earth, and I know he will be a servant leader  in Heaven.   I will say one last thing. Mike's unexpected death is a reminder that  you can never say thank you to the ones you care about and appreciate  too soon or too often. I, along with John, was blessed to be able to  pay tribute to Mike's lasting accomplishments and impact on Wyoming  just last week when John Barrasso and I recorded a tribute to him and  his service to Wyoming's mining community. At this event honoring Mike  Enzi, at which he was in attendance in his hometown of Gillette, he  joked, he had fun, and he got to enjoy the camaraderie of the people in  the State he loved so very much.   I am grateful, John, that you and I got to say thank you to him one  last time like that.   I am heartbroken that Mike has passed away from this life. For  selfish reasons, I will miss him terribly. He was a beloved, kind  Member of the U.S. Senate. He was an accomplished, quiet leader. He was  Wyoming's friend. He was my friend.   God bless you, Mike. We will see you down the road. Happy trails.   I yield the floor.   