 Mr. President, you know, this pandemic has made it  clearer than ever that our economy is working great for those at the  very top but not for our workers.   Saturday actually marks the 12th anniversary of the last time that we  raised our Federal minimum wage. Twelve years. That is unacceptable,  and our workers really deserve better. No one working 40 hours a week  should be making wages so low, their family is living in poverty and  they can't even afford to pay for even their most basic needs. It is  past time that we finally give workers, who are the backbone of our  economy and have kept us going through this pandemic, a hard-earned and  much deserved raise.   Another important step the Senate can take to build back an economy  that is stronger and fairer and works for everyone is to ensure that  Agencies like the National Labor Relations Board work effectively and  protect workers' rights. Jennifer Abruzzo is the type of dedicated  public servant who will make sure the NLRB is enforcing the law and  protecting the rights of workers.   I urge all of my colleagues to join me in voting to confirm her as  general counsel of the NLRB. She has dedicated her career to upholding  the law and protecting workers from unfair treatment. She has won  victories against companies that attempted to undermine workers' right  to organize and call for better wages. She has 23 years of experience  at the NLRB, including her time serving as acting general counsel, the  role she is now nominated to fill.   It is clear she has the right experience, qualifications, and values  for the job, and we need her to be able to get to work right away  because we have seen 7 years of--we have seen years of unprecedented  Republican obstruction of the NLRB nominees. There has been an empty  Democratic seat on the NLRB for nearly 3 years, and there wasn't a  single Democrat on the Board from late 2019 to mid-2020. That  obstruction tipped the scales of justice in favor of big corporations,  and workers have suffered the consequences.   When workers stand together to form a union, it is the NLRB that  makes sure the election is fair. If a worker is fired or unfairly  punished because they want to join or form a union, the NLRB is tasked  with protecting their rights. If companies refuse to negotiate fairly  with unions fighting for higher wages and better benefits or a secure  retirement or safer working conditions, it is the NLRB that protects  unions and union workers who have helped build our country's middle  class.   Working families simply cannot afford an NLRB that fails to protect  workers' rights when they are threatened. So we have to confirm  nominees like Jennifer Abruzzo who will protect workers' rights and  make sure their voices are heard if we are serious about building back  a stronger, fairer economy. If we are serious about standing with  working families, then we need to confirm Jennifer Abruzzo as general  counsel of the NLRB and then get to work increasing our Federal minimum  wage.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the vote  scheduled to occur at 11:30 a.m. begin immediately.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   