 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong  opposition to the build back broke act. A vote for the underlying bill,  along with the infrastructure package, is a vote for trillions in new  taxes and spending that will cause inflation to skyrocket and make  businesses in America less competitive. Together, these bills would  lead to nearly $3 trillion in spending before the government is even  funded for next year.   Of the many concerning provisions in this bill, perhaps the worst are  those concerning American energy. Americans are already paying the most  for a gallon of gas in 7 years; and now the Federal Government is  warning Americans that their home heating bills could cost 54 percent  more this winter as compared to last year. How is that helping middle- income families?   Many of my constituents have contacted me about a provision in this  bill to assess a $1,500 tax on each ton of methane emissions. This  would devastate oil and gas producers in my home State of Oklahoma,  where this industry accounts for nearly 134,200 jobs and over $57  billion in economic output, over a quarter of my State's GDP. Not only  would this policy kill tens of thousands of American jobs, it would  also destroy a major source of my home State's tax revenues, totaling  over $13 billion annually, that fund schools, roads, hospitals, and our  first responders. This is unconscionable.   Madam Speaker, this rule would enable House Democrats to ram through  a poorly written and ill-conceived bill that is not supported by the  large majority of Americans.   Despite the Biden administration's claims that it is fully paid for,  a new analysis by the Wharton School of Business shows the full costs  of this measure being nearly $4 trillion, with only $1.5 trillion being  paid for. The Democrats' claims that this bill wouldn't raise taxes on  middle-class Americans is also false. This bill is full of regressive  taxes that will hurt middle- and low-income Americans, while it gives  huge tax breaks to the wealthiest 1 percent in high-tax States.   