 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all  Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks.    Madam Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from  Louisiana, for that very heartfelt time recognizing Mr. Letlow and his  family. Our hearts are with them.   I now move on to another topic that is also very, very important to  all of us and to America, and it deals with a bill that will be on the  floor this week.   It is shamefully called the Equality Act, but it shreds the  principles of protecting our children. In fact, under this  [[Page H570]]  bill, children, beginning with the womb, will be targeted and  victimized.   Under this bill, children in the classroom will be bombarded with  unscientific, confusing materials questioning the reality of their  biological sex.   Under this bill, children struggling with gender dysphoria will be  pushed toward medical treatments and even surgical procedures, which  will disrupt their natural development and may leave them sterile and  physically altered for life.   Under this bill, children's privacy will be violated when locker  rooms, restrooms, and homeless shelters will no longer be single sex.   Under this bill, parents may face custody battles for making healthy,  wholesome choices for their children's health.   This scenario was not hypothetical for the Ohio couple who lost  custody of their daughter for not affirming hormonal treatments.   Under this bill, foster care and adoption agencies will be forced to  shutter. And this is just the tip of the iceberg.   The so-called Equality Act jeopardizes the well-being of our  children. It jeopardizes the role of parents, the privacy and safety of  vulnerable women, the competitive edge of female athletes, the  livelihood of charities and businesses, and the integrity of our  healthcare system.   We demand better for our children and their futures, and we will not  be silent. We are here tonight to expose the Equality Act for what it  is, a far-reaching policy that will upend all aspects of life, and turn  basic decency and common sense into discrimination.   I appreciate my colleagues who have joined me tonight to let America  know why this bill must be defeated.   Madam Speaker, first, I would like to yield to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Harris), my friend and colleague who is a practicing  anesthesiologist.    Madam Speaker, I thank Dr. Harris, and I appreciate  his firsthand experience and thoughts on this very, very, serious  matter.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Lamborn),  cochair of the Values Action Team.    Mr. Lamborn, such great remarks, so much common sense  there.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Green),  my friend, and an emergency room physician.    Thank you, Dr. Green. That is excellent. ``Biology is  not bigotry.'' It seems like common sense, but we are not talking about  common sense with the Equality Act. And that is why we are here  tonight, to let the American people know about the ramifications, the  very serious, permanent ramifications of this bill.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Babin),  another doctor, who I am proud to be joined by, who is a dentist from  Texas.   Please share your thoughts about this bill and what it is going to  mean to Americans.    Well said, and I thank the gentleman so much.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Mrs.  Fischbach), the first female president of the Minnesota Senate. She is  a mother of two and grandmother of five.    Thank you, Representative Fischbach. Life is precious,  and it is jeopardized under this very poor bill, and so thank you for  raising those points.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Colorado (Mrs.  Boebert), a volunteer counselor to incarcerated women.    Madam Speaker, so well said. Up is down, and right is  wrong.   Our last speaker is the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. Foxx), a  doctor of education.   I want to thank the other colleagues who are here. We are running out  of time, but I want to thank Representative Rick Allen, who objects to  this bill, for being here as well.   Dr. Foxx, will you share, in closing, why we should oppose this bill  this week? I yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina.    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   