 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 1868. I know  we  [[Page H1598]]  have talked this morning about the importance of the bill protecting  Medicare. I want to talk with you for a couple of minutes here about  its protection of farm supports and other direct spending as it  pertains to our family farmers.   As chair of the Subcommittee on General Farm Commodities and Risk  Management, this bill will protect critical resources like the  Commodity Credit Corporation, resources that our family farmers depend  on now more than ever.   There are nearly 2 million farmers across our Nation. In the district  that I serve, we have close to 10,000 family farms. But throughout our  Nation, there is no farm that isn't touched by the Commodity Credit  Corporation, not one American farmer who wouldn't be impacted by these  cuts. In the district I serve, those close to 10,000 family farmers  would have fewer resources if this were to happen and would face  challenges as they try to pay their bills and put food on the table.   The truth is, our family farmers have seen an onslaught of challenges  for years, each year worse than the one before it: extreme weather  conditions; devastated crops; unstable and uncertain trade markets that  held back exports and economic growth; and throughout the past year, a  global pandemic that has left many of our farmers ravaged, even as they  kept fighting for fellow Americans, to keep them fed.   COVID-19 has impacted all of us. But, thankfully, we have never truly  seen empty store shelves. We have our American farmers to thank for  that. We have our American farmers to thank for the stable food supply  and for the certainty that, even after years of challenges, even at the  height of this worldwide crisis, our American farmers have had our  backs. Now, it is time for us to have theirs.   A vote against this bill is a vote to cut farm funding. I urge my  colleagues to vote to protect our family farmers and vote ``yes'' on  this critical bill.   