 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to inform Democrats  that the radical path you are taking will cause you to lose in 2022.   The American people are shocked at what you are doing and running  through this House of Representatives. Passing a bill of $1.9 trillion  that spends less than 9 percent on COVID relief is shameful. Passing  the inequality act, which destroys women's rights, religious freedoms;  puts men in our little girls' bathrooms, locker rooms, and on sports  teams is unforgivable.   Trying to pass what I call the Democrats' hate police bill, H.R.  1280--which puts police on Biden's hit list and allows police to be  targets, also gets rid of qualified immunity, opening them up to be  sued every time a criminal is offended and gets their feelings hurt--  [[Page H1023]]  is reckless and dangerous for our police.   Mr. Speaker, because of H.R. 1, which is a federalization of our  elections, I also, today, will make a motion to adjourn so that  Democrats can think a little bit harder.    Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now  adjourn.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.    Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R.  1280.   Do you know what is terrifying to the American people?   Watching Democrats try to pass a defund the police bill; the same  Democrats who cheered on and supported riots that burned American  cities, and the same Democrats who shared Minnesota Freedom Fund bail  bond links supporting criminals and helping them get out of jail.   This bill is atrocious. Shame on all of you. This hurts our police  officers.   April 29, 2010, my friend, Jonathan Edwards, was shot in the line of  duty. If that happened today and this bill is passed, getting rid of  qualified immunity allows the criminal who shot him to be able to sue  him simply because they are upset that they were arrested.   This same bill will also allow that criminal who shot him to be able  to put his name on a national hit list that will be made public,  whether police officers are found to have done wrong or not.   This is shameful.   