 Mr. President, we have a tendency in this Chamber to  talk about hindsight being 20/20, and I think that this is what we will  be doing in 10 or 20 years when we look back on the Biden  administration. I really expect that we will highlight all of the big  talk here in DC that has led to some really bad ideas the White House  has tried to legitimize through legislation and budget requests.   If you remember, even before the 2020 election, Biden's big talk on  amnesty welcomed the hundreds of thousands of migrants who are  currently flooding the southern border. He said: We expect to see these  migrants at the border.   So, yes, they heard him say, ``Y'all come,'' and they are coming.   His big talk on Green New Deal programs got us the boondoggle of an  infrastructure package that all but ignores roads, bridges, and  broadband. The people in Memphis, TN, have not appreciated some of this  talk of other items as infrastructure. They want bridge repairs  immediately. Then, just before Memorial Day, we got some more big talk  in the form of his $6 trillion budget request that reads like an  instruction manual on how to make our country less secure, less free,  and less competitive.   Back home in Tennessee, people looked at this thing, and they didn't  believe what they were seeing. At church last Sunday, I had some  friends ask me if the budget proposal was supposed to be a joke or if  this were serious because, when they look around, they see real need.  They see communities without broadband, small businesses that are  struggling to get back on their feet, and crumbling roads and bridges.   Yet what did the administration choose to do with their first budget?  They turned away from those needs. They decided to throw billions of  dollars at the environmental lobby to make it happy. They put in money  to  [[Page S4014]]  abortionists and to an already bloated Federal bureaucracy.   Tennesseans are looking at their own budgets and thinking about all  of the ways they have had to make tough choices over the past year, and  they are wondering why the Biden administration cannot seem to bring  itself to show some fiscal restraint. Why is it that they just say:  Crank up the printing press. Let's print more dollars. Let's put more  money in the system. Let's give everybody a check--and no worries about  who is going to pay the bill?   They are used to seeing the Democrats act in a very cavalier manner  about spending, and they are very much concerned about what they see  happening in Washington, DC. They know, without a doubt, that this is  really going to cost them and that it is going to cost their children  and their grandchildren, and as someone said this weekend, it is the  great-grandchildren who will bear the brunt of the Biden extravaganza.  They know better than to nod along with the administration's promises  that only the rich and the megacorporations will be responsible for  offsetting this massive spending program   I will tell you that they know how this works. They have seen it  before. They know that there are higher taxes at the top and that  higher taxes at the top of this wish list and on the top earners will  mean less investment in their communities, which will lead to stagnant  economic development, which will land them in the exact same place that  they were during the Obama-Biden years, except there will be the added  expenses of having to comply with future mandates the administration is  going to pile on them.   They know, when you take from the people who create the jobs and make  the investments and provide the goods that drive our economy, that you  are taking from the middle class, that you are taking from small  businesses on every Main Street in this country. You are making opening  that business too expensive to afford because you have taken those tax  dollars and you are using those dollars to grow union membership, to  show favoritism, and to pick winners and losers Washington, DC, style.   That is exactly how you destroy that competitiveness that makes  companies want to do business here and to emigrate here, and that makes  other countries a little nervous to stand toe to toe with us on the  international stage. This international element is important, and I  fear the Biden administration has lost that perspective.   If you look at the budget items related to immigration, it is clear  that the White House still thinks they can make it out of this border  crisis without having to admit that their policies have, indeed, caused  this crisis at our Nation's southern border. Yes, indeed, this is the  Biden border crisis. Instead of securing the border by investing in the  technology, infrastructure, and manpower our Border Patrol agents have  repeatedly asked for, the administration wants to focus on sending  foreign aid to the Northern Triangle, foreign aid without  accountability. This is a noble effort, but it will do nothing to  mitigate the disaster on the border that has since bled into the  communities that are now playing host to busloads of unaccompanied  migrant children, like we see in Chattanooga.   At least they decided to invest in a few more immigration judges. Yet  what we see them doing through this is making every town a border town  and every State a border State. They are transferring the costs to our  States and to our local communities--the costs for education, for  healthcare, for children's services, for social services, for housing.  The Federal Government doesn't want to admit they are incurring that  cost.   So what are they doing? At taxpayer expense, they are putting these  over a half-a-million illegal entrants onto airplanes, onto buses, and  they are sending them to communities around this country. That is what  they are doing, and that is what millions of Americans, including  thousands of Tennesseans, are pushing back on.   I have to tell you, I had a telephone townhall last night. It was  with some of the counties that are around Chattanooga, TN, in that  area, and COVID-19 and the immigration policies of the Biden  administration were the top questions that came up.   I will tell you that things don't look any better on the national  security front. If you account for inflation, you find out that the  topline request for the Department of Defense represents a $7 billion  decrease compared to fiscal year 2021 funding levels. That is right, a  $7 billion decrease for defense. Maybe they forgot that what we are  responsible for, first and foremost, is providing for the common  defense.   Talk about misplaced priorities. The Biden administration picked the  absolute worst time to undercut the military and employ President  Obama's demand to do more with less. We know from experience that it  takes between 3 and 5 percent in annual growth to keep our military and  national security programs competitive, and this budget doesn't even  come close to hitting that mark. For reference, China increased their  defense budget by 6.8 percent this year--oh, and who is our main  competitor when it comes to great power competition? You are right. The  answer is China, absolutely.   Biden's budget, on the other hand, asks for $112 billion in R&D  spending, but it cuts procurement spending. Imagine that. This means,  as of right now, the administration has no plan to put that R&D to good  use. Keep doing the research and development, but by the way, we are  not planning to purchase. Think about that. Think about the message  that sends to our allies and the message it is sending to our  adversaries.   They paid lip service to supporting our nuclear programs, but earlier  this month, the Secretary of the Navy sent a strategic memo ordering  the service to defund the development of the nuclear sea-launched  cruise missiles that are essential for deterring China in regional  waters. That is right. The Secretary of the Navy sent a strategic memo  ordering the Navy to defund the development of the missiles that are  essential for deterring China in regional waters.   The kicker? All of this is to be done before the Nuclear Posture  Review is even completed. So don't wait for the report. We need an  outcome, and the outcome is, Let's make ourselves less competitive.   This is astounding. Instead of following the directives that have  clearly been laid out by last year's NDAA and investing in a combat- credible force, the budget guts and confuses the mission driving the  Pacific Deterrence Initiative, and this has had bipartisan support.  Keep in mind that this is the best set of tools we have against Chinese  aggression in the Indo-Pacific region, and the Biden administration has  decided to use it like some sort of slush account for projects that, in  a normal year, would be funded under other categories.   They are going for an outcome. The outcome is not ``America first''  or an America able to defend. Their budget is cutting defense. Their  budget is cutting these cruise missiles. It makes no sense.   And I can assure you, as we begin the NDAA negotiations, that this is  something that will deserve and will get a full review.   I have said it before and I will say it again: The American people  understand that elections do have consequences. They knew that some  priorities would change with President Biden. Even my friends back home  who voted for President Biden will tell me they liked what they heard  on the campaign trail from him. But they will also tell you they did  not vote for this.   They did not vote for what is happening, for the Executive orders  that are coming out of this administration, for the ridiculousness that  they see in this budget. They did not vote for tax plans that will  stand in the way of local investment with small businesses. They did  not vote to make things more expensive and scarce at the grocery store.  They did not vote to fund a bloated and power-hungry Federal  bureaucracy. They didn't vote to leave our border in shambles, to wreck  our Nation's sovereignty.   They certainly didn't vote for a defense strategy that will allow the  Chinese Communist Party to expand their influence into underdeveloped  countries and threaten our allies in the Indo-Pacific. No, they did not  vote for that.   Our National Guard men and women, our men and women who every day are  in service there at Fort Campbell--God  [[Page S4015]]  bless them. And we worry about the lack of attention to defense.   I would remind my Democratic colleagues that any action they take on  this budget proposal won't exist in a vacuum, and I ask them to  reconsider their justification for asking the American people, who just  survived a global pandemic and a near total economic collapse--I think  they should reconsider their justification for asking them to bankroll  an activist-driven, radical, fantasy budget that nobody really asked  for.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   