 Mr. President, it is the privilege of a lifetime to  represent the people of Wyoming in this great deliberative body. I  genuinely look forward to joining each of you to make a difference for  the American people and to uphold my solemn oath to support and defend  the Constitution.   Let me be clear. An attack on our Capitol is an attack on our  Constitution and democracy itself. I strongly condemn the violence that  occurred today, which did more to thwart the democratic process than to  protect it. Today, many Members of the Senate were trying to peacefully  use our democratic process to ensure each and every American's vote  counts. In the best tradition of the U.S. Senate, we will fulfill our  constitutional duty and complete the electoral count tonight.   In 1833, Senator Daniel Webster said that ``duty binds . . . the  conscience of the individual member'' in counting the votes for  President and Vice President. Each of us has a solemn duty to ensure  that the slate of Presidential electors we certify is beyond reproach,  respecting the people's voice and upholding the Constitution.   Congress will not overturn the people's voice. A president will be  inaugurated on January 20. Congress cannot and shall not dictate the  results of a Presidential election to our States. That would be the  death of our Republic.   In the coming months, Congress must take a fresh look at troubling  concerns from the election that simply don't add up. After the 2000  Presidential election, millions of voters in Florida felt  disenfranchised, and now 74 million Americans deserve the assurance and  the dignity that their votes  [[Page S31]]  count the same as every other American. We owe our first duty to the  American people, following procedures--like the Electoral Count Act-- used for nearly 150 years.   It is my fervent hope that our State legislatures will consider  meaningful election reform to ensure that our election laws are applied  uniformly, to ensure the technology we use is accurate and secure, and,  most importantly, to ensure that all Americans treasure our precious  right to vote and feel their voices are heard. States are at the very  center of elections in our country and will remain so.   Many ask why Congress should be involved in election matters that  have been considered by the courts. Some argue that Congress' role in  certifying our Presidential elections is merely ministerial. Under our  constitutional separation of powers, it is too often forgotten that  Congress has the right and duty to interpret the Constitution,  especially on matters which by the Constitution have been delegated to  Congress, like the electoral count. Congress interpreted the Twelfth  Amendment in passing the Electoral Count Act in 1887 and continues to  breathe new life into these provisions by its actions today. Our  Founders understood Congress would play a key role in debating  constitutional issues as a co-equal branch of government. Thomas  Jefferson commented in an 1819 letter that ``each of the three  departments [of government] has equally the right to decide for itself  what is its duty under the Constitution.''   I remain deeply concerned that the electoral votes of the  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania were not ``regularly given'' under  Pennsylvania law, as required by the Electoral Count Act. Serious  concerns have been raised about the constitutionality of Pennsylvania's  vote-by-mail statute. Also, Pennsylvania election law may have been  applied unevenly by State officials, including signature verification  and voter identification requirements.   In 2005, Senator Barbara Boxer and the late Representative Stephanie  Tubbs Jones objected to the slate of electors from Ohio. They  rightfully drew attention to the fact that many African-Americans and  other communities suffered disproportionate wait times at the polls,  broken voting machines, and high ballot rejection rates. Raising this  objection led to some of these issues being remedied and more Americans  having the precious opportunity to vote. That is a legacy our Senate  and every American should value today.   Thank you.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The majority leader.   