 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today on H.R. 3684, the INVEST in America Act.   I support improving America's infrastructure, but even a broad  definition of infrastructure doesn't include creating a massive network  of centralized planning, unreasonable regulations, and undisciplined  debt. This is not how we win the future.   We have shown how working together can result in positive  improvements for drinking water systems. Take the America's Water  Infrastructure Act of 2018, AWIA, which was a huge bipartisan win for  water infrastructure. Today, while the bill before us renews several  AWIA authorizations, H.R. 3684 is plagued by significant controversial  policy choices.   First, it authorizes drinking water loan fund spending amounts that  are triple those requested in the President's fiscal year 2022 budget,  $1.35 billion versus $4.14 billion.   It also layers an expensive, new, 10-year, $45 billion public and  privately owned lead service replacement program on top of two existing  EPA programs. It does so even though EPA is at least 2 years away from  determining where lead service lines should be replaced, and the costs  involved.   Second, the legislation makes radical changes to EPA's regulatory  authority for drinking water contaminants. It promotes stringency  rather than health.   It will raise costs on all customers, including low-and middle-income  families and punish communities with the lowest rate bases.   H.R. 3684 strikes the requirement in the Safe Drinking Water Act that  costs of a regulation be in line with its health benefits. That allows  communities to protect public health without overspending their finite  public health resources on minimal risks. Communities must be allowed  to prioritize their limited resources on their most pressing concerns.   The INVEST in America Act also removes language permitting our lowest  and smallest communities--with EPA approval--to use more affordable  technology that protects people's health.   This bill authorizes $4 billion to pay off unpaid bills from the last  15 months--even though Congress has already provided at least $1.1  billion to do this. Importantly, water systems that participate in this  program are prohibited from collecting old amounts from their customers  for 5 years, regardless of income. This will cripple water systems'  ability to meet expenses and plan.   If that is not enough, H.R. 3684 creates a new, $8 billion  entitlement program at the EPA. This is EPA's first-ever entitlement  program. It creates barriers for smaller, poorer, water systems and  requires EPA to study the need for this program only after it starts  handing out all this money.   Without dramatic changes, I can't support this bill, and I urge  opposition. I encourage all Members of the House to support Republican  amendments that correct its deficits, including my amendment with  Ranking Member McKinley, which builds upon the 2018 bipartisan efforts  and reauthorizes more than $11 billion for the bipartisan drinking  water programs from AWIA.   I also have to address the so-called auto safety title that the  majority dropped into this bill.   In mid-April we agreed with the Energy and Commerce Committee  Democrats to circulate a draft auto safety title to stakeholders,  largely written by the Democrats, that included a proposal promoting  autonomous vehicles. We worked in good faith--even when the majority  backed off on their commitment for a legislative hearing. Our patience  seemed to be rewarded with this rushed measure without even a markup.   It is notable that the framework for autonomous vehicles is missing  in this legislation before us. We must provide a pathway for America to  beat China and lead in the testing and the deployment of AVs.   This deficiency is a gift to the trial lawyers who make money off of  unsafe roads.   It rewards the Teamsters, who completely misunderstood that our  jurisdiction only includes passenger vehicles and not trucking. Their  opposition hurts their brothers and sisters in labor who want to make  these vehicles.   Sadly, this failure will hurt vulnerable communities. AV legislation,  autonomous vehicles, self-driving cars, would deliver a whole new form  of mobility for seniors and people with disabilities.   Our economy and national security is also compromised here as well.  Inaction cedes the leadership of driverless cars to China, just like we  did for communication equipment companies. It is not acceptable. We can  do better.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to  amendments en bloc No. 5.   En bloc No. 5 is filled with proposals that spend excessively on new  programs, create duplicate programs, ignore scientific and public  input, and place serious burdens on rural communities.   For instance, one amendment, which I might add is very well-meaning,  creates a new program with a price tag of $200 million per year, or  eight times the amount for the existing program that covers physical  upgrades and training to deal with all terrorism threats and  resilience.   There is a proposal in this bloc to require EPA to establish a  website for testing private water wells. Yet, for those seeking  information, EPA already has a website to provide information to the  public on private well testing, preventing water pollution, identifying  contaminants, and contacts for emergency response.   In another area, en bloc No. 5 requires GAO to provide Congress  policy options for best practices for EPA to use with States and local  governments to include the public in a consolidation process.   The study is unnecessary and punitive to rural communities. Section  1414 of the Safe Drinking Water Act already has mandatory assessment  requirements for systems that have problems.   Mr. Speaker, I have identified here only a few of the provisions that  I find troublesome. There are other matters in this amendment that are  difficult when it comes to workability and also that have other policy  concerns.   On a separate note, I must express my opposition to the inclusion in  the previous bloc of amendments of the NO EXHAUST Act, a partisan  Energy and Commerce bill. This amendment provides subsidies for the  rich to buy electric vehicles at the expense of the taxpayers and  everyone else's electric reliability and utility bills.   The amendment makes no consideration for American jobs, our growing  reliance on China for critical minerals to make batteries, or the  strain that electric vehicles undoubtedly will place on the grid.   The amendment even mandates new building codes so everyone has to  install expensive electrical equipment in their homes and buildings for  EV chargers, even if nobody is driving an electric vehicle.   These kinds of policies will harm hardworking American families,  especially those in our rural communities.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to join me in opposing this en bloc  amendment.   