 Mr. Speaker, I would like to present my  amendment No. 435.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my  amendment--a very simple amendment. My amendment seeks to restore  congressional notification requirements on a category of munitions  export licenses.   For decades, when a U.S. company wanted to export these munitions,  the sale required authorization from the Federal Government. The State  Department has the responsibility for issuing approvals for most types  of weapons once it has assessed any impact on our national security or  our foreign policy.   The State Department was also required to notify Congress every time  it approved a license. Unfortunately, the Trump administration changed  all of this. It moved the licensing of firearms export sales from the  State Department to the Department of Commerce, and it changed the  standard review process.   They also ended the congressional notification process. The  Department of Commerce is not currently required to notify Congress  when they issue a munitions export license.   I strongly opposed those changes.   Given the serious national security implications of foreign munitions  sales and the possibility that those weapons could end up in the wrong  hands, Congress has a clear policy interest in understanding when they  occur.   This amendment will restore those notification requirements by  mandating that the Department of Commerce follow the same procedure and  guidelines that was in place prior to that change.   Frankly, I am surprised that anyone is objecting to restoring  longstanding congressional oversight powers.   I hope my colleagues will support my amendment to ensure that foreign  munitions sales receive the careful scrutiny they deserve.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this amendment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, we can reserve the debate  whether the State Department or the Commerce Department should have  jurisdiction over gun sale exports.   This amendment is not about that. This amendment is very simple. It  restores a longstanding requirement to notify Congress--a notification.  That is not dictating to anyone where they should sell or whom they  should sell weapons to. Simply report to Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I respectfully request a ``yes'' vote on this amendment,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   