 Madam President, for the past several months, the  Biden administration and their officials have devoted their time to one  of two things: They have blamed Republicans for problems that they, the  Democrats, created, or denying those problems exist at all.   As my colleague from Texas said: Don't believe what you are seeing.   That seems to be a common refrain.   Just last week, White House Chief of Staff Ron Klain retweeted the  former Chairman of President Obama's Council of Economic Advisers when  he dismissed rising inflation and collapsing supply chains as ``high  class problems.''   Apparently, he thinks those sky-high prices at the grocery store only  affect the rich. How wrong they are.   On this same day Ron was scrolling through Twitter, White House Press  Secretary Jen Psaki insisted that the American people just started  paying attention to their finances this year. Never before this year  have they looked at their finances. She stood in front of the entire  press pool, dismissed serious economic pain as a passing concern, and  tried to spin the memory of the prepandemic, pre-Biden economy out of  everyone's memory.   Last week, I saw firsthand the consequences of this policy of  deflection. Let me tell you, if you want to see what it looks like when  our government undermines and abandons entire communities, you need  look no further than our Nation's southern border.   What I saw during my recent trip to south Texas was a humanitarian  crisis, a healthcare crisis, and a national security crisis. And make  no mistake, nothing that is happening down there is the result of some  unfortunate accident.   This is no everyday failure of leadership. If our so-called border  czar cared  [[Page S7025]]  at all about doing her job, she would know that every single Border  Patrol agent needs to hear from her. Law enforcement officers, they  want to hear from her. And property owners in the area believe with  absolute certainty that this issue on the southern border--this is a  fixable issue. It is fixable.   Our Border Patrol agents want to do their job, but they are  undermined every step of the way by the official policies of an  administration that has spent billions of dollars canceling  construction of the border wall.   That is correct. They are spending your money--your taxpayer dollars,  your hard-earned money--canceling contracts, canceling contracts,  canceling construction of the border wall.   And they have stripped resources that the Border Patrol needs,  pulling back resources like surveillance technology, pulling back  funding that could help pay overtime for Border Patrol officers.   They have pulled all of that back from the Department of Homeland  Security, doing it even as the number of migrants who are surging the  border is increasing, even as the apprehensions at the border are  increasing. They are reducing the resources that the Border Patrol  agents have.   During conversations with these agents, we all came to the conclusion  that most Americans have no idea how truly serious this problem is,  which is the logical conclusion of another Biden administration policy  of blocking press access to key areas of the border.   They do not want you to see or hear about what is going on. They  don't want you to see the chaos they have created. And they surely  don't want us to see the trail of destruction left by this flood of  illegal immigration. So they don't the press down there. They don't  want them to get the message out about what is happening, how our  southern border is being overrun and our Border Patrol overworked.   At this point, not only me, but many of my colleagues--and there are  some on both sides of this aisle--have documented for the record the  horrific journey migrants undertake from Central America to the United  States. And, yes, migrants are coming from 150 different countries  through Central America and Mexico to our southern border. We know that  the cartels are in complete control of that border on the Mexico side.   And do you know what? The cartels, you have to pay them--got to pay  them--in order for them to get you here. You get to the river, you got  to pay the river tax to a coyote who works for the cartel in order to  cross the river. The cartel controls who gets into the United States of  America. Yes, it is illegal entry, but think about this: The cartels  are in control.   In South Texas, there are three cartels that are working that  border--different parts of that border. It is big business for these  cartels. And, yes, we know about drugs and weapons and sex trafficking  and gangs and human trafficking. In South Texas, they have caught  members from 88 different gangs--88--who are moving their people into  this country. They are not coming here for a better life and a job.  They are coming here because, gangs, they carry out crimes.   But what many Americans haven't seen and witnessed is the impact all  this has on your average border community. When I was in Texas, I had  the privilege of speaking to ranchers and other property owners dealing  with the nightmare of regularly discovering the remains of dead adult  migrants, sometimes discovering children.   Traffickers abandon these individuals while they are crossing some of  the ranchers' and the property owners' property, just abandoned,  abandoning these people right there on the property.   These property owners are also forced to spend time and energy  repairing damage that is inflicted to their property by the trespassers  who are trying to avoid the checkpoints that are north of the border.   We are talking about an emotional and a practical toll that has crept  outward from the border, away from those remote ranches and outposts,  and into communities all across this country.   Administration officials started all this with their open border  rhetoric, but they could also put a stop to it.   How? By holding themselves accountable to the people who are stuck  trying to control this chaos--people like Hector and Chris and their  fellow Border Patrol agents, who risk their lives every day to keep us  safe.   They said: You know, it is like doing your job with one hand tied  behind your back.   And then they say: OK. We are going to try to strap down the other  hand a little bit.   That is right. That is what it means when you talk about removing  resources, removing surveillance, pulling back money so they can't go  do the job that they want to do, that they signed up to do, to keep  this country safe.   Everybody in this administration should spend a few minutes talking  with property owners like Susan and like Richard and think about what  it must feel like to constantly wonder if somebody has died of exposure  in your backyard. This is what they are dealing with every day.   The Federal Government is not out there repairing fences that have  been torn down. The Federal Government is not out there cleaning up  trash. The Federal Government is not there replanting a sugarcane  field. No. Ranchers, property owners, they are paying for this out of  their pocket because this is happening on their property.   The status quo that this administration has created on this border  can't last much longer because it is running people ragged, whether  they are working the river, working the border; whether they are trying  to work their ranch, their cattle, their crops. This is out of control.   The other thing that I have noticed as I was on the border and then  talking to a lot of Tennesseeans, hearing from people: The American  people are afraid. The spin doctors in the White House and in the  mainstream media would have us believe that fear is due to racism or  xenophobia, but those accusations are misstatements. They are  inaccurate.   Americans are not afraid of those who seek refuge in our country.  Americans are afraid of the documented rise in drug trafficking and  gunrunning and sex trafficking. They are infuriated to see their own  fellow citizens throwing in their lot with the drug cartels and  participating in these trafficking rings. People in their communities  are choosing blood money over gainful employment, and they hold these  cartels responsible. And they fear the hold the cartels have over some  of their neighbors. It terrifies them.   But what terrifies them most of all is the knowledge that President  Biden, his Cabinet, and his allies in Congress know this, and they  refuse to help. We know the problem is fixable, as the Border Patrol  agents told me. This is fixable. There are solutions. We know the  administration has the power to do it. It is pretty simple.   And this is what they have said: Enforce the rule of law. There are  laws on the books. Enforce them. Illegal entry is illegal. They say:  Start by building the wall. Build it; finish it; get it finished. They  need it. They have been saying it for 30 years: We need a wall. We need  a wall. Border Patrol and other law enforcement agencies have been  asking for this barrier for a long time. And if you were to go down  south, you would see for yourself. Everything you need to build that  border is there: the equipment, the panels. It is all there. Build the  wall.   Part of it is up, but we need to fill it in so that we secure that  border--and additional funding for security and infrastructure and  manpower. Build that wall. Get back to work on it.   Next, the administration must stop waging war against President  Trump's successful ``Remain in Mexico'' policy. The Border Patrol, law  enforcement, the Texas Department of Public Safety, the National  Guard--they will all tell you: Yes, get back to building that wall, and  while you are at it, go back to ``Remain in Mexico.''   You know what? They want this because it works. It works. Isn't that  amazing? It works. So go back to it. We cannot afford to allow the  operatives at the helm of the Democratic Party to dictate security  policy. We know ``Remain in Mexico'' works, so embrace it. Say: We are  doing this because Federal employees, the Border Patrol, are asking us  to do this.   We must also eliminate catch-and-release and embrace the removal  authority granted under title 42. Those are things that we know work.  Those are  [[Page S7026]]  the things at the top of the list with our local law enforcement, with  Texas DPS, with our Border Patrol. Those are the things that they say:  These could be done right now. Go back to building that wall; go back  to ``Remain in Mexico''; stop this catch-and-release; and abide by  title 42.   Today, President Biden, who hasn't been to the border, should go and  say: You know what? This Nation is a sovereign nation; we are going to  protect this Nation; we are going to protect our citizens; and,  therefore, we are going to take these measures because the Border  Patrol says this is what works.   The time for treating these policies like political footballs has  come to an end. The border crisis doesn't exist in a bubble, and it  doesn't just exist at the southern border. What we are seeing along  that border is loss of life and loss of livelihoods, and it is  happening on a daily basis.   How would you feel? How would you feel if they were running across  your crops? How would you feel if they were on your ranch? Think about  that one.   It is clear by now that the White House values their ``woke'' talking  points, but there is nothing ``woke'' about the death and destruction  we are seeing tear through this border. There is nothing ``woke'' about  allowing the cartels to overwhelm law enforcement and leave innocent  people entrapped by those cartels to die in the desert. There is  nothing ``woke'' about allowing a crisis to fester to make the  political case for open borders.   Until President Biden and the Democrats prioritize safety and secure  the border they abandoned on the day that they took power and control,  every town--every town in this country will be a border town, and every  State will be a border State; every community will exist under the  threat of cartel violence, and every person in America will bear  witness to the desperation and loss of life that their President has  seen fit to ignore.   I yield the floor.   