 Mr. President, on January 3, I, along with 31 of my  colleagues, stood in this Chamber and swore an oath to support and  defend the Constitution of the United States. It is both ironic and  deeply disappointing that only 3 days after swearing these oaths, some  of my colleagues are coming close to breaking this promise.   Since 1797, each U.S. President has peacefully handed over power to  the next, and that will happen again on January 20, when Donald Trump,  despite the protesters today, the violence today--when Donald Trump  leaves the White House at noon and Joe Biden becomes President.   We have heard tonight from both Democrats and Republicans about the  importance of the voters speaking in the election and about the fact  that there is no evidence of widespread voter fraud. But this is not  just an issue for us here in the United States; this is an issue for  nascent democracies around the world, which, as Senator Romney said,  look to the United States as an example. We are the shining city on the  hill. We give those struggling under oppression hope for a better  future.   Now, like so many of us in this Chamber, I have traveled to  developing democracies around the world--to Afghanistan and Iraq, to  the Western Balkans, to Africa, to the country of Georgia. I went there  with my colleague Senator Risch.   In 2012, we went to Georgia to observe officially, on behalf of the  Senate, the election between outgoing President Mikheil Saakashvili and  his United National Movement Party and the challenge by Georgian Dream,  which was a newly formed party supported and funded by billionaire  oligarch Bidzina Ivanishvili. It was a battle for Parliament, but also  for control of the government.   Senator Risch and I visited multiple polling places on election day,  and we agreed with the international assessment that that election was  free and fair and that Georgian Dream were the winners.   But there was real concern in the country that Saakashvili was going  to refuse to give up power--that that would lead to violence, and it  would end the nascent democratic reforms that were happening in that  former Soviet Republic.   So Senator Risch and I, the day after the election, went to visit  President Saakashvili to try and talk him out of staying in power. I  remember very clearly going to his home, and we sat down with him, and  we pointed out that the hallmark of a democracy--what he had worked so  hard for in his 8 years as President of Georgia--the hallmark of that  was to turn over power in a peaceful election to the person the voters  chose. Well, President Saakashvili listened to us, and he did leave  office peacefully.   But it is important that future generations recognize that America-- like democracies everywhere--depends on a peaceful transition of power,  on believing in what the voters say, and ensuring that happens.   Unfortunately, we have heard from some Senators today who have been  enabling President Trump's willful disregard of the votes of our  citizenry, even as they speak out against foreign leaders who ignore  their own people.   They will fail, and history will remember them.   I hope that future generations will view the actions of some of those  folks today as little more than an unfortunate anomaly.   Future opportunists may use this ill-fated effort to seek short-term  political gain over the long-term stability of our Republic. But for  the sake of our great country and America's standing in the world, I  ask my colleagues today to fully endorse the results of the free and  fair election and set aside this partisan attempt to subvert the will  of the people. We should be venerating the peaceful transition of  power, even if our own preferred candidate didn't win. That is, after  all, who we are in the United States of America.   Thank you, Mr. President.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The majority leader.   