 Mr. President.    First of all, our bill is entitled ``Military  Justice Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act,'' so, as the  chairman has requested, there is a great deal of prevention in this  bill. And I dare say, if the chairman was going to include all of the  recommendations of the IRC, we would have a very strong base bill on  which to work from, but I do not have the sense that that will be done.  In fact, I do not have the sense that all the recommendations are being  considered, so I intend to offer an amendment that encompasses all of  the recommendations.   Second, the reason why murder and other serious crimes must be  included is because there are two challenges within the military: One,  sexual assault cases are not handled properly, and unfortunately too  few go to trial and too few end in conviction. The rate of going to  trial and the rate of conviction has gone down.   The second reason is, if you only allow sexual assault cases to have  a proper review, you will further marginalize survivors of sexual  assault, who, more often than not, are women who report those cases,  because receiving special treatment and a special legal system will not  create fairness within the military for them.   Third, there is enormous evidence in the last 3 years of considerable  racial bias against Black and Brown servicemembers. In the marines, if  you are a Black man, you are up to 2.6 times more likely to be  punished. That is a serious problem, and this is an issue that has been  investigated for a long time.   So I believe that the bright line of felonies, as our allies have  already done in the UK, Israel, Canada, Netherlands, Germany, and  Australia, is meaningful because they did it for defendants' rights,  they did it to professionalize their military justice system, and they  did it to protect all servicemembers. Servicemembers in the U.S.  military deserve nothing less.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning  business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes  each.    Mr. President, I understand that there are two bills  at the desk, and I ask for their reading en bloc.    I now ask for a second reading, and I object to my  own request, all en bloc.    I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate  completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, July  13; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed  expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for  the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning  business be closed; further, that upon the conclusion of morning  business, the Senate proceed to executive session to resume  consideration of the Zeya nomination, postcloture; that the postcloture  debate time expire at 11:30 a.m.; further, that the Senate recess  following the cloture vote on the Su nomination until 2:15 p.m. to  allow for the weekly caucus meetings; that if cloture is invoked on the  Su nomination, all postcloture time expire at 2:30 p.m.; finally, that  if any of the nominations are confirmed, the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to  come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator Moran.   