 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado  for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. I will just say, it has been  a long and bumpy road to get here so I am happy to finally be here on  the floor with the rule.   Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, House Resolution 601 provides for the consideration of  two controversial partisan bills and deems the $3.5 trillion  reconciliation resolution adopted that strips away local control and  adds trillions to the national debt.  [[Page H4361]]    The bill deemed adopted under this rule is S. Con. Res. 14, the $3.5  trillion tax-and-spending binge that passed the Senate earlier this  month.   Madam Speaker, prices are at a 13-year high, and inflation is rising.  President Biden has already spent $1.9 trillion and is now looking to  spend an additional $3.5 trillion, all while his administration pays  Americans not to work and stifles our robust economy.   Not only does this budget call for the highest sustained Federal  spending level in American history, but it also amounts to a whopping  $68 trillion over the next decade. It raises taxes on the American  people, shifts jobs overseas, and taxes American employers at one of  the highest rates in the world. It eliminates ``right to work''  protection and does nothing to address the historic flow of illegal  immigration at the southern border.   Democrats know their proposals are unpopular. They can't even get  their own conference to agree. Instead, they are resorting to smoke and  mirrors to push it through and hoping the American people aren't paying  attention. Where is the transparency?   If Democrats truly want to serve and help the American people, they  need far more transparency and input from everyone, not just a few.  This is no way to build a budget.   Madam Speaker, then there is H.R. 4, which would make changes to the  Voting Rights Act and strips State and local governments of their  ability to manage their own elections. The Constitution places the  responsibility for elections at the State level, and we have a long  history of letting each State run their own elections. But H.R. 4  grants the Federal Government unprecedented control over State and  local elections. It empowers the Attorney General to bully States and  forces those States to seek Federal approval before making changes to  their own voting laws.   H.R. 4 also provides incentives for advocacy groups to file as many  objections as possible to manufacture litigation in the hope of  triggering coverage under the Voting Rights Act. We need safeguards  that make it easy to vote and hard to cheat. H.R. 4 is not the  solution.   Madam Speaker, finally, the final bill in this resolution is the  Senate amendment to H.R. 3684, which provides for $1.2 trillion in new  infrastructure spending.   Madam Speaker, I hate to say it, but my Democrat colleagues are using  the bipartisan infrastructure framework to force their Members to also  push through trillions more in their outlandish spending resolution.  Our constituents are tired of Washington playing games with their  livelihoods.   To be sure, investing in our Nation's infrastructure is critical.  However, only a fraction of this $1 trillion-plus bill is for roads,  bridges, and other projects the American people would consider  traditional infrastructure. With tens of billions for electric vehicle  plug-ins, Amtrak, and light rail, if you live in a deep blue city, this  bill is for you. But if you are one of the millions of Americans in a  more rural area, this bill leaves you behind.   Madam Speaker, our country's infrastructure should not be tied to the  Democrats' partisan spending spree, especially during a pandemic. But  here we are. Until Democrats stop playing games and work with their  colleagues on a truly bipartisan compromise, I urge my colleagues to  oppose this rule and the underlying bills.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman  from Missouri (Mr. Smith), ranking member of the Budget Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an  amendment to the rule to provide for additional consideration of H.R.  5071, authored by Representative Gallagher.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment into the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Madam Speaker, President Biden's failure to lead has  resulted in a national security and humanitarian crisis in Afghanistan  that we cannot ignore.   Now the Taliban is back and the United States is less safe. The  President has offered no specific plan for getting those Americans out  of Afghanistan safely.   Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr.  Gallagher), from Wisconsin's Eighth Congressional District.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Florida (Mr. Mast).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McCarthy).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman  from Louisiana (Mr. Scalise), the minority whip.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from California (Mrs. Kim).   Mrs. KIM of CALIFORNIA. Madam Speaker, I would like to thank the  gentlewoman from Minnesota for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the rule that is being  debated as we consider the $3.5 trillion budget reconciliation.   I rise today in support of workers, families, and businesses in  communities I represent in California's 39th Congressional District.   Now is the time for Congress to show it can work together for the  American people.   As our economy recovers during the COVID-19 pandemic and Americans  across the country pay more everywhere from the grocery store to the  gas pump, Democrats are once again bypassing bipartisanship and moving  forward with a partisan $3.5 trillion budget.   According to Tax Foundation, this budget reconciliation would also  raise taxes for people I represent in California's 39th District by an  average of over $600. My constituents have been burdened enough by some  of the highest State taxes in the country.   Now, our Nation is scrambling to keep promises we made in Afghanistan  to Americans and Afghan partners. The last thing we need is trillions  more in spending on unrelated priorities and more taxes. This makes no  sense.   The majority's budget will increase prices, raise taxes, and take  even more money out of taxpayers' pockets. I urge my colleagues to vote  ``no'' on this reconciliation.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Florida (Mr. Waltz).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Alabama (Mr. Rogers), the ranking member of the Armed Services  Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Texas (Mr. Ellzey).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Arrington).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Schweikert).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume to close.   Madam Speaker, Democrats continue to ram through controversial  policies and reckless spending with a complete disregard for the rules  and with no consideration of what those decisions will mean for future  generations and what they have to pay back.   President Biden took office saying he would be President for  everybody, but he certainly isn't acting like that. The legislation  before us today that is included in this rule would leave rural  communities behind, concentrate even more power at the Federal level,  and tax and spend recklessly.   The President is too busy pressuring Members of his own party to  support $5 trillion in spending to even address the crisis in  Afghanistan.   Madam Speaker, I oppose the rule and the underlying bills, and I ask  Members to do the same. I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   