 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of this  resolution to refer Stephen Bannon to the Department of Justice for  prosecution for contempt of Congress.   It didn't have to be this way. Mr. Bannon, a self-professed patriot,  could have done the patriotic thing and cooperated with our bipartisan  committee.   If Mr. Bannon was proud of the role he played in connection with  January 6, he should be eager to tell his side of the story. Instead,  he is acting like a man who has something to hide. Our committee seeks  only the truth. That is our legal charge and our moral obligation. We  cannot let any individual impede our inquiry, and we will not tolerate  Mr. Bannon's evasion.   Why must we be so unrelenting in our pursuit of truth? Because on  January 6, the greatest Nation on Earth came under attack. And this  attack wasn't carried out by officials in Beijing, Moscow, or Tehran,  or by foreign terrorists even. It was an attack conducted by our fellow  citizens, regular Americans who were radicalized because they believed  outrageous lies fed to them by other Americans in positions of power  and influence.   The attack was launched against the seat and symbol of our Republic.  It was designed to disrupt the certification of the Presidential  election results, to defy the will of the voters. This was no peaceful  protest in a proud American tradition. It was violent and vicious.  Members of the mob wielded weapons. They called for the death of the  Vice President. They hunted Members of Congress. They caused severe  harm to law enforcement officers. And the real disservice to the police  comes from those who want to whitewash the violence of January 6 and  pretend that the riot of that day was anything short of the violent  attack it was, aimed at derailing the peaceful transfer of power.   America is not just a place; it is an idea. And on January 6, there  was an attack on the very idea of America. I believe that patriots of  all political stripes should want to protect our Capitol, this country,  and her Constitution. Our committee will make a full accounting of what  happened, and we will make recommendations to ensure it never happens  again.   