 Madam Speaker, I want to recognize the strong  leadership of our co-chair, not only just now in her leadership role in  the Democratic Women's Caucus, but throughout her tenure in Congress,  Jackie Speier. I thank her for this Special Order hour.   Since the start of this pandemic, women have lost more than 2 million  jobs, and our labor force is down, for women, to 57 percent. Why does  that matter? It is because women's labor force participation--please  hear this number--contributes more than $7 trillion to the U.S. GDP  every year. So when you talk about building back with women, there is  an economic incentive for us to do that in America.   The reality is there are far too many women in the United States who  care for their children and the elders in their families. They are  looking at situations where it is far too expensive.   We heard the description of my two colleagues caring for their elder  parents. Do you know what that would mean if they didn't have a  childcare or elder care system to take care of them?   In reality, in America, there are women who call in sick and who take  off from work because they have a child that is suffering from cancer  or a parent who is dying, and they are the only ones to do this. And  they cannot afford to pay for it. We know that caring for our loved  ones should not force women to make a choice between the two.   In Michigan, 44 percent of the Michiganders live in a childcare  desert. As we talk about this, some people go like, you know, let them  figure it out. In some scenarios, there isn't even a childcare facility  for the parent to even consider or try to figure out how to pay for it.  The reality is that there is such a large number of women who work two  jobs, one to pay for childcare and one to put food, shelter, and  clothing on their children, because there are not other options. They  can't afford the childcare. So, do I lose my home and have childcare?   They work two jobs, and being away from home for an extended period  of time has its own built-in problems.   I want you to know that the Build Back Better agenda increases access  to  [[Page H5718]]  affordable childcare. How amazing is it to say that every family in  America would not have to pay more than 7 percent of their income for  childcare? We talk about childcare workers--and I just want to go back  to the page that my colleague was just talking about.   Disproportionately, when we are at that point where we have needs, it  is a woman who knocks on our door to provide the childcare, and it is a  woman who knocks on the door to take care of our elderly. And,  disproportionately, they are women of color, Black women, Hispanic  women, Asian women who are the majority of caregivers in this country.   What do we do? We say our children and our elders are our most  precious in our family. I will walk through fire for my child. There is  nothing I won't do for my parents. But we disrespect these workers  every day with these pathetic salaries that we have in America. In the  Build Back Better agenda, we will be boosting the compensation for our  care workers so that they can feel the respect and the honor and go  home and take care of their own families.   Madam Speaker, I was a dear friend of Aretha Franklin, and every time  I talk about this, I think about that song: All I am asking for is just  a little respect.    In America, how can we say something is so precious to us but we  disrespect those who show up, hold the hands, wipe the noses of our  children, who tuck in our elders, and sometimes they are there when  they take their last breath. America, we can do better.   I want you to know that building back better--and we have coined the  term, and we will not walk away from that--and our colleagues are  working because we can build back better in this country with human  infrastructure. You can't do it unless you build back better with  women, and that means paying attention to the service, to the need for  care, for the need to invest in our human infrastructure.   If you want to improve poverty in America, invest in jobs and invest  in women. The majority of those in poverty in the United States of  America are women heads of households who have children. We make an  effort to ensure no one goes hungry in America, but we disrespect those  who care for our loved ones.   Madam Speaker, I want you to know that I am standing here today  locking arms with my colleagues. I want to, and I will, demand that  America build back better. I know that my colleagues in the Democratic  Women's Caucus are fired up and ready to go because we know this  opportunity to put our thumbprint on the values of America, of what we  are going to do, is laid out in Build Back Better.   We know that we are negotiating and fighting, and we will not step  down, just like the suffrage women who fought and knew it was time to  stand up, march, chain ourselves to the fence, whatever we have to do  to continue to build back better, and we are making this investment.   We have a President who has joined in. We have a Speaker of the House  who has joined and locked arms with us and the Democratic Caucus. We  are saying that Build Back Better will build back families, and it will  transform the lives of women in America.   We can't wait any longer. On infrastructure, a pothole is an  inconvenience, and we need to fix our potholes. We need to make sure  that our children are not drinking lead-poisoned water. We need to make  sure that our bridges and all those are fixed. But we also need to know  that the human beings in this country deserve our passion, our work in  the build back better agenda.    Yes.   