 Mr. President, on Tuesday, at 3 in the morning, the  people at Instagram published a blog post describing another laundry  list of product updates they claim will make their platform less toxic  for children and teens.   And I am sure they thought that the dead of night was the right time  to make this announcement, and I don't blame them. If I wanted to pass  off something and just give a little lip service and a little  deflection and make it look like some type of meaningful reform, I  might try a 3 a.m. news dump also.   Because what they did was to put up changes on how to handle things  on their site with drug use and self-harm and violence and eating  disorders and low self-esteem and human trafficking and bullying.   What they told us is they know there is violence and adverse content  on  [[Page S9078]]  their site. And, yesterday, at the hearing at our Consumer Protection  Subcommittee of the Commerce Committee, Senator Blumenthal and I made  it fairly clear to our friends from the Silicon Valley that they cannot  escape accountability for what is happening on their site--not from  Congress and not from the American people. I am talking about the moms,  the dads, the teachers, the pediatricians, who approach me every single  day that I am in Tennessee.   They are worried about their kids, and the concern is not the product  of generational differences. When they were growing up, drugs and  eating disorders and bullying were problems, but--you know what, Mr.  President--they weren't inescapable.   Now these horrible things follow our children every minute of every  day, all courtesy of Big Tech. So, yes, when a company like Instagram  claims that they are going to do more to support parents and to keep  kids safe, Tennesseans listen, but they don't take their word for it.  They test it out. They look for evidence of accountability.   And with all of these updates that they posted, they didn't give us  transparency. They didn't give a timeline for when they are going to be  implemented. Basically, they said: We know this is a problem, and we  will get around to fixing it at some point in the future.   They are still not making changes.   I do want to thank Chairman Blumenthal and other members of the  subcommittee for staying focused on this issue. This time around, we  had Instagram CEO Adam Mosseri on the witness stand, and it really was  perfect timing.   You know, yesterday's hearing was the fifth time this year that the  subcommittee has met to discuss what Congress and Big Tech should do to  protect our precious children online. It was the fourth time I have  personally spoken to someone from Meta, as they now call themselves,  which is Instagram's parent. And by this point, I felt like maybe they  would come forward with something concrete for us: This is how we are  going to get things done.   But, no, nothing changes.   This week, my staff put themselves through yet another deep dive into  the dark corners of Instagram and confirmed that there has been no  crackdown on dangerous content, as Instagram has previously claimed.   We searched for posts that glorified eating disorders and drug use,  and it took them about 30 seconds to find those posts glorifying drug  use and eating disorders. And they are not nearly as good at this as  the 14- and 15-year-olds who are on this platform are at finding this  content.   If they can find this content given half a minute and a decent  internet connection, then why can't Instagram find this? Why do they  continue to deny that it is there?   One of the things that shocked me the most with Mr. Mosseri's  testimony was his refusal to admit that this content is still  pervasive. He was absolutely sure that we were hitting him with  anecdotal evidence, and he said as much.   But it wasn't just me finding this terrible content on the platform;  it was everyone on our committee, Democrat and Republican. There was  agreement. We all came to the table with evidence of what we had found  online.   I will still stipulate that we all share the same goal of protecting  our children and teens online, but nothing has made me question that  more than watching executive after executive from platform after  platform deny the existence of these problems.   The time for talking through these problems is over. The people who  work for Big Tech at Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat, TikTok, Google are  all aware of this problem. They don't need congressional hearings to  tell them that there are platforms--their platforms--that are hotbeds  for trafficking, drug use, bullying, and the glorification of eating  disorders.   They don't need me to come to the dais with evidence that their  current protections don't work and that more of the same won't  magically turn the tide. They know it, and we know that they know it.  And their knowledge, it hasn't changed a single thing about their  business model.   Fortunately, we have bipartisan momentum to put some guardrails back  on these companies. We are working on children's privacy, data  security, and Section 230 reforms. We are also working on a national  consumer privacy bill and kids' specific policies to keep minors safe  online. No more half measures; no more empty promises.   I have been working in tech policy for quite a while now, and I  watched companies like Instagram grow from these tiny, great ideas and  startups into multibillion-dollar corporations, the largest in our  country. Their platforms are integrated into our lives, our culture,  our politics. They are upstream from everything.   Unfortunately, they are also places where teens can go to buy drugs,  bully their classmates, find human traffickers, sex traffickers, and  where girls waste away. If anyone deserves an explanation from Big  Tech, it is the children and teens and their parents who are suffering  because of these companies.   I invite my colleagues to join me in holding these companies  accountable.   I yield the floor.   