 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss two troubling  nominations by President Biden for positions that have very real  impacts on my State of Wyoming and the people who live there.   One of the simplest yet truest rules of governance is that personnel  is policy. We have seen this rule play out over and over under  President Biden.   During last year's election, the media created a narrative that a  Biden Presidency would unite the country with bipartisanship. That has  not happened. Many of the President's policies have been extreme  appeals to the far left and decidedly hostile to our way of life in  Wyoming and the West.   I believe much of this can be traced to the people with whom he has  surrounded himself and to those he has appointed. That is why I am so  concerned about two of the President's nominees that the Senate is  considering.   First, there is Tracy Stone-Manning, President Biden's nominee to  serve as  [[Page S4876]]  Director of the Bureau of Land Management. I am particularly interested  in this nomination because the BLM manages about 18 million acres in  Wyoming and huge tracts of land throughout the West. In fact, 90  percent of Federal and public land is west of the Mississippi.   We need a land manager who understands, respects, and implements  multiple use of public lands with which Americans in the West are  particularly accustomed.   The BLM has historically managed for multiple use, which is, in many  cases, required by law. Under Ms. Stone-Manning, I am very concerned  that multiple-use principles will change. The reason is quite simple.  This nominee is a radical. She has been involved with ecoterrorists in  the past, including a tree-spiking incident in Idaho.   Her extremist ties and past activism have even led a former Obama BLM  Director to withdraw his support for her. Wyoming and other States in  the West would be completely hamstrung if BLM land policy changed.  Given Ms. Stone-Manning's militant history, I am not sure she would  care.   Then there is David Chipman, President Biden's nominee to lead the  Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. One would be hard- pressed to identify a worse candidate for the job.   According to reports, Chipman may have lost his own gun while serving  as an ATF agent. He also failed twice to define the term ``assault  weapon'' during his confirmation hearing. This level of  irresponsibility and lack of basic firearms knowledge is hardly an  endorsement for someone tasked with overseeing gun use in the United  States.   Chipman has also reportedly accused Black Americans who were  successful on an ATF test of cheating because, in his opinion, too many  were passing the test.   Let's be real. This kind of discrimination would tank a Republican  candidate.   Mr. Chipman has also endorsed efforts to defund the police and has  supported the science fiction-sounding notion of precrime arrests. His  idea of effective law enforcement would be to arrest people before they  commit crimes.   I came to Washington to solve real problems and get things done. I  don't care if the solutions come from the right or the left. I am here  to support good legislation and good policy. That is why I have backed  President Biden's decision to bring our troops home from Afghanistan.  That is why I have supported many of his nominees with whom I may  disagree on some policy points, but they are nonetheless qualified for  the roles--nominees including Janet Yellen, Pete Buttigieg, and Gary  Gensler.   But based on their past experience and expressed behavior, Tracy  Stone-Manning and David Chipman have disqualified themselves and are  direct contradictions to the bipartisanship and unity that President  Biden called for and promised in his inaugural address.   If these extremist nominees are confirmed, they will direct their  respective agencies toward ends that are actively and openly hostile to  the Wyoming way of life that I am here in Washington to support and  defend.   I call on President Biden to withdraw these names and, instead, send  us nominees for these positions who better reflect the bipartisan  reputation the President spent decades cultivating in this Senate. If  the President does not withdraw these nominees, I strongly urge my  colleagues to vote to reject them.   I yield the floor    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following interns in my office be granted floor privileges today, July  14, 2021: Tanner Conley, Karryn MacDonald, Payton McEndree, and Madison  Stoddard.   