 Mr. Speaker, as explained prior, if we defeat  the previous question, we will immediately move to bring up H.R. 5586.  This bill prohibits the expansion of the Internal Revenue Service's  requirements for financial institutions to report bank account  transactions.   The Biden administration is searching for ways to pay for their  partisan $5.5 trillion social policy bill, and one of the Democrats'  proposed solutions is to spy on taxpayers' bank accounts.   Their proposal would require financial institutions and service  providers to report data on accounts that deposit or withdraw more than  $600 or maybe $10,000 to the Internal Revenue Service to help ensure  that Americans are paying their fair share in taxes.   Democrats claim that this regulatory expansion would only impact  wealthy Americans and businesses. But in reality, it targets virtually  all working-class people in our Nation.  [[Page H5744]]    This government overreach would be an enormous violation of privacy,  jeopardize the financial security of all Americans, and impose  significant compliance costs on financial institutions.   Through this proposal, the Democrats are looking to weaponize the IRS  by creating a new surveillance program, which would allow them to  monitor every single bank account without permission or limit. In order  to conduct this surveillance on Americans, the provision includes $80  billion to double the number of IRS agents, which would be six times  the size of the IRS' annual budget.   This plan was initially included in the massive budget reconciliation  bill and has now since been removed after pushback from financial  institutions and customers. But it is still being considered for  passage.   Regardless, my House Republican colleagues and I are doing what we  can to protect the financial security and privacy of the American  people.    I have recently written a letter to Speaker  Pelosi, Chairman Neal, Secretary Yellen, and Commissioner Rettig to  express my concerns of overburdening the data collection system,  exposing millions of Americans to potential cyberattacks, and how  distrust in banks negatively impacts our economy.   Additionally, I signed on to a letter and cosponsored two bills that  directly address this pressing issue. The letter to Secretary Yellen  expressed the concern of more Americans unbanking due to privacy  concerns and distrust in banks and how applying extra reporting  requirements for financial institutions would be incredibly burdensome.   The U.S. Government should not have the authority to spy on bank  accounts of American taxpayers. The Biden administration's proposal  would significantly impact the working class, invade privacy, pose  financial security threats for Americans and businesses, and further  burden institutions. House Republicans are working tirelessly to put a  stop to this government overreach and protect the American people's  security, privacy, and trust in this great Nation.   