 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this resolution of  disapproval of the EPA's methane policy rule.   This resolution is another attack on the hardworking American men and  women who supply energy that is so important to our economy and our  national security.   Don't be mistaken, this is an attack on American energy security.   Remember those gas lines from the 1970s? Remember the energy security  and dominance truly captured in the last few years?   In 2020, America became energy independent. It was a longtime goal.  President Jimmy Carter established the Department of Energy with a goal  of becoming energy independent, recognizing how important a diverse  supply of energy is to America.   So why is the majority moving forward right now?   Gas prices are already on the rise, threatening our economic recovery  and causing pain at the pump for Americans who are ready to put the  pandemic behind them.    We are still recovering from the Colonial Pipeline cyberattack, which  shut down the Nation's most important pipeline, causing supply  shortages and price spikes.   If it is not already obvious to the Democrats across the aisle,  affordable and reliable supplies of gasoline are absolutely critical to  our economy. It is critical to our way of life.   This is a misguided resolution. Taken together with President Biden's  executive orders banning oil and natural gas drilling on Federal lands  and canceling the Keystone XL pipeline, it will likely drive gas prices  even higher.   So why is the majority pushing this resolution?   This resolution has next to nothing to do with protecting the  environment or reducing methane emissions. The States and the EPA  already regulate methane emissions, and we have a well-established  program that supports the industry to go even further.   Reducing methane emissions is a priority for all of us, for the oil  and natural gas industry; and thanks to innovation and industry action,  the United States methane emissions rates in the largest producing  regions have declined 70 percent in the last decade, even as our  production is surging.   The United States is the world's leading producers of oil and natural  gas. That is something that we should be celebrating. That is so  foundational to our economy, to our national security.   In addition to that, we are leading the world in emission reductions  at the same time. The United States of America has led the world in  reducing carbon emissions, more than the next 12 countries combined,  more than any other country in the world.   Again, that is something that we should be celebrating. Let's not  jeopardize that progress to fulfill the Green New Deal wish list.   We all know that this resolution is unnecessary. President Biden has  made his intentions very clear. His administration has declared war on  affordable fossil energy and energy security. President Biden has  already canceled the Keystone pipeline and banned drilling on Federal  lands. Now Democrats are proposing this resolution to clear the pathway  for President Biden and the EPA to impose burdensome new regulations on  the energy industry.   This is just the tip of the iceberg to regulate other sources under  section 111 of the Clean Air Act, regardless of their overall  contribution to air pollution.   Mr. Speaker, I would submit we should be focusing on results, not on  feel-good measures. This is an attack on American energy.   Who is next?   The EPA has its crosshairs on the backbone of American industry,  including manufacturing, paper, chemicals, plastics, and metals.  Millions of good-paying American jobs are on the line. Our  competitiveness is on the line. American leadership is on the line. Our  national security is on the line.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this harmful  resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time.   