 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to support a  number of our nominees for Ambassadors and positions within the State  Department.   As the chair of the European Affairs Subcommittee, I am particularly  concerned about the number of openings we have in Europe for  Ambassadors.   I want to support today Mark Gitenstein, again, to be U.S. Ambassador  to the European Union; Kent Logsdon to be U.S. Ambassador to Moldova;  Michael Murphy to be U.S. Ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina; Clair  Cronin to be U.S. Ambassador to Ireland; Denise Bauer to be U.S.  Ambassador to France and Monaco; and Julissa Reynoso Pantaleon to be  Ambassador to Spain and Andorra.   Those are the Ambassadors in Europe whom I wanted to raise this  afternoon, but I also want to raise concern about Rufus Gifford, who  has been nominated to be Chief of Protocol for the Department of State.   As I said, I am chair of the European Subcommittee, so I have had the  opportunity to attend the hearings for these nominees and to see just  how qualified they are and how important to American foreign policy  they are.   Earlier this week, Victoria Nuland, who is an Under Secretary at the  Department of State, testified in front of the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee that the U.S. foreign diplomacy is operating at quarter-power  as a consequence of the numerous holds that have been placed on  ambassadorial appointments by just a few of our Republican colleagues.   I have some maps here that I think really very vividly demonstrate  the consequences of this inaction in the Senate.   The first map shows where we have U.S. Ambassadors to Europe. You can  see that anything blue is where we have Ambassadors. On this map,  everything from Spain to Ukraine, the United Kingdom, Iceland,  Ireland--we have no U.S. Ambassadors approved in those countries.   Compare that to what Russia and China have in terms of their  diplomatic ability in Europe. The gold color is Russian Ambassadors,  countries where Russia has their Ambassadors--virtually every country  in Europe. Red is where China has its Ambassadors--virtually every  country in Europe. Again, the United States, our Ambassadors in  Europe--it is basically empty. Finland, Sweden, Norway, Spain, France,  Germany, Poland, Ireland, the EU--we are desperately in need of  Ambassadors because right now, we have very little presence in Europe.   This is happening at a time when we know there are significant  challenges taking place in Europe, particularly in Ukraine, where  Russia is threatening to invade Ukraine, its sovereign territory,  again, and where we need--if we are going to be successful in  responding to Russia--where we need to take a unified approach among  our allies. We need to be working with the EU, with NATO, with all of  our European allies.   Yet, in most of the countries where we need to be working, we don't  have Ambassadors, and we don't have Ambassadors because of opposition  from just a few of our Republican colleagues.   I see Senator Cruz on the floor, so I know that he is going to be  here to object to my effort to move these. But this is the impact of  what is happening as a result of the holds of Senator Cruz. We can't  put our national security in the hands of those people who don't have  the status of Ambassadors. We know that our Embassies are doing a great  job in all of those countries. They are working hard. But it makes a  difference to have someone who has been approved by the Senate, who has  been nominated by the President, who has the rank of Ambassador.   As I think about the challenges that are facing this country, I can't  think of anything that is more harmful to our foreign policy than  deliberately hampering this country's ability to advance American  interests on the international stage.   I want to say a few words about each of these nominees before I move  for unanimous consent. Again, I would like to begin with Mark  Gitenstein, who has already served our Nation before. He was the U.S.  Ambassador to Romania. He has spent over 25 years working on energy  issues. And as we think about the negotiations that are happening  around energy and Nord Stream 2 in particular, which I know is a  concern for Senator Cruz because it is a concern that I have, we don't  have an ambassador to the EU at the table for those discussions. Mr.  Gitenstein's nomination is critically important in responding to  Russia's weaponization of gas flows to Europe and strengthening the  transatlantic alliance as we face escalating aggression from Russia.   Similarly, Kent Logsdon's nomination as Ambassador to Moldova  couldn't come at a more critical moment where Russia is, again, using  energy there as a weapon.   Maia Sandu--the newly elected, pro-EU, pro-reform President there-- has every intention of steering Moldova, the poorest country in Europe,  toward a better path, and she is looking west to do that. But, of  course, she has already faced pressure from Putin and his cronies, who  have threatened to weaponize gas flows into Moldova.   We can't allow Moldova to become the next Ukraine or the next  Georgia, and we can only prevent that by conveying strong U.S.  leadership to support its pro-European aspirations.   I also want to say a few words on Michael Murphy's nomination as  Ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina. America played a critical role in  bringing peace to Bosnia through the Dayton Accords, but we are seeing  now that peace and stability in Bosnia and unity in Bosnia are under  increasing attack.   Earlier today, I had a chance to meet with the Bosnian Foreign  Minister, and I am seriously concerned by the deteriorating political  situation there. It requires an expert career diplomat like Michael  Murphy to provide the commanding leadership to help Bosnia through this  moment.   The same is true in Ireland. Claire Cronin's nomination as Ambassador  to Ireland is not just a symbolic gesture to a longstanding ally of the  United States. Peace in Northern Ireland is hanging by a thread as the  UK, Ireland, and the EU handle the fallout from Brexit.   I was concerned by the release of a report on Tuesday which indicated  that the paramilitary gangs embedded in Northern Ireland's divided  communities pose a ``clear and present danger'' of violence fueled by  post-Brexit tensions. By stalling our confirmation of Ms. Cronin, we  risk tarnishing our legacy in fostering peace in Northern Ireland  through the Good Friday Agreement.  [[Page S9074]]    Of course, Denise Bauer's nomination to France is necessary as the  country prepares for national elections next year. These elections have  significant implications for our bilateral relationship, in addition to  the role France will play in the EU and NATO.   Similarly, Julissa Reynoso's nomination to Spain requires swift  confirmation. Spain will host the Madrid Summit next year, where NATO  will elect the next Secretary General and finalize the strategic  concept. What happens in NATO is critical to America's national  security, and we want to have an ambassador on the ground there who can  monitor what is going on with those talks, in addition to the other  officials we need to send.   Finally, Ambassador Rufus Gifford has been nominated to be the Chief  of Protocol for the Department of State. He previously served as our  Ambassador to Denmark, where the Queen there acknowledged him for his  meritorious service to the Kingdom of Denmark. His background and  service will make him an excellent Chief of Protocol, and we urgently  need him in place to assist Secretary Blinken.   Combined, these nominations are all critical to immediate challenges  facing our national security interests.   With that in mind, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding rule XXII, the Senate proceed to executive session to  consider the following nominations: Executive Calendar Nos. 320, 440,  447, 448, 450, 454, and 519; that the Senate vote on the nominations en  bloc without intervening action or debate; that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate; that any statements related to the  nominations be printed in the Record; and that the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action and the Senate resume  legislative session.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object.   My colleague and I agree on our opposition to Nord Stream 2, but I am  not looking at it, despite your accusations, through the same partisan  lens that you are, Senator Cruz.   And I would go back--I think you threw out a lot of red herrings in  your initial objection there, one of which was to suggest that I said  that you had a hold on our Ambassador to Ukraine, and I actually agree  with you. I think this administration needed to appoint that Ambassador  to Ukraine 8 months ago.   And if you agree with me right now, then will you agree that you will  not put a hold on the Ukraine nomination, once we get it--if we get it  within the next couple of weeks, before the end of this year?   I will ask you to think about that for a minute because I do think we  need to have an Ambassador there. And that is certainly on my list of  places in Europe where we need Ambassadors.   But I think the bigger question now, you suggest that the mere action  of sanctioning Nord Stream 2 would be enough to deter Putin and his  ambitions in Ukraine. Sadly, I think that is a simplistic analysis of  the situation that we are in because the biggest deterrent we can  provide right now to what Putin is thinking about is to let him know  that we are united with our allies in Europe on our opposition to any  action he might take in Ukraine, that we are united with our NATO  allies, that we are united with our European allies. And,  unfortunately, one of those major allies is Germany.   And I don't think it would be good for the unity message that we need  to give to Putin to, at this point, sanction Nord Stream 2 because I  think the Germans are going to come to that conclusion on their own.  They have a new administration. They have a new administration that has  issued some contracts--what they call contracts in developing their  coalition government--that have a very different tone with respect to  how they are talking about Russia and China, for that matter, and so I  think it is more prudent.   I also have real concerns about the current legislation on Nord  Stream 2. But I think it is more prudent for us to continue to work  with our allies to make clear to Putin what is at stake. And Nord  Stream 2 is at stake if he goes into Ukraine. There is no about that.  And right now, as we know, the certification of the pipeline has been  delayed, and it has been delayed until well after the first of the  year. We are not sure what the timetable is, but it is going to be  sometime after the spring.   So I just came to a different conclusion than you did, Senator Cruz,  about the best way to deter Putin at this point. I think it is to work  together. It is not to poke a finger at our most prominent ally on this  issue and suggest that we create those divisions, which is what you  would like to do.   And I think, furthermore, that the efforts to undermine our  appointment of Ambassadors and our ability for the State Department to  conduct foreign policy further weakens our ability to negotiate with  Putin. And it sends a message about divisions within Congress that is  really not helpful. It is not helpful as Putin is watching us; it is  not helpful as China is watching us.   So you and I just have fundamentally different views of how best to  address this issue and how we can achieve the goal that we both want,  which is to end Nord Stream 2 and reduce Europe's dependence on Russia  and to prevent Putin from invading Ukraine.   So, Mr. President, I object.    Will my colleague let me ask a question?    I just want to correct what I said because I think the  Senator mischaracterized it.   What I said was, we know that the certification has been delayed  until after the first of the year, and it is not likely to happen until  after the spring, which is well later than January, February, So I just  want to correct for the record that. And I think if you look at what is  being proposed, you will find that it is even later than that.     Then I went on to say, after the spring, as well. I  just want the Senator to listen to what I said.    Mr. President, I just want to clarify a couple of  things that Senator Cruz said. One is that the Nord Stream 2 pipeline  was completed, despite those sanctions, because what Russia did was to  employ their own ships with Gazprom and complete the Nord Stream 2  pipeline despite the sanctions that we had threatened. And it was, in  fact, not until right before he left office that President Trump  actually invoked some of those sanctions.   So, again, I think the response has been somewhat simplistic in terms  of what we really need to do now to address what is happening with  Russia and Ukraine. And I certainly applaud our allies: Poland and  Ukraine. But I think we need to stand united with many more of our  allies in Europe in order to deter Putin that the United States,  Poland, and Ukraine probably are not going to do it on our own, and we  need all of us to act together.   Also, you know, maybe if we had our Ambassador to the EU, he could  have reported to the Senate what the vote was in the EU about Nord  Stream 2, but because he is still on hold, we haven't had a chance to  hear from him.   I would also point out that at this time in the first year of the  Trump administration, 44 of his Ambassadors had been confirmed,  compared to 13 for the Biden administration. And, you know, it seems  like there ought to be a number of things we can agree on. And by the  way, there was going to be a vote on Nord Stream 3 before some of your  colleagues objected to the process under the Defense bill. If that  hadn't happened, we would have actually had a vote on Nord Stream 2 and  we could see what the view of this body is. But, unfortunately, it was  because of those objections that we didn't get that vote.    I think, again, if you look at our ability to conduct our foreign  policy and to be effective against Vladimir Putin, one of the most  important things we can do is to put in place our diplomats so that  they can help advance American foreign policy.   What is happening right now, in addition to those people you have on  hold, we have over 50 State Department nominees on hold because of your  objections and the objections of some of your other colleagues. Again,  I don't think that is where most of the Members of your caucus are. I  think most of them, while they may not agree with all these  Ambassadors, they would agree that we should go forward and allow our  foreign policy to move forward with diplomats.   I understand your objection to Nord Stream 2. As I said, I have  objected to Nord Stream 2. But I think at this point what we need to do  is look at how we can conduct our foreign policy in a way that best  puts pressure on Vladimir Putin, and I just disagree with you that that  is going to do it right now.   I yield the floor.   