 I thank the Senator from Florida.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to enter into a colloquy  with my friend Senator Marshall.    Madam President, it is no secret that President  Biden's COVID-19 vaccine mandates have drawn major opposition here in  the Senate. My Republican colleagues and I have introduced multiple  pieces of legislation that chip away at the various impractical,  unethical, and downright unconstitutional aspects of this latest power  grab.   Last week, I introduced the Keeping our COVID-19 Heroes Employed Act,  which would pull essential workers out from under these mandates and  stop the White House from unilaterally firing them for refusing to  submit to a shot. Think about how ludicrous that is. This, of course,  is the heart of the issue.   These pieces of legislation are not anti-vaccine. In fact, our  opposition isn't about vaccines at all. I have been vaccinated, and I  encourage people to talk to their physicians. This is all about the  precedent the Biden administration is trying to set; namely, that it  [[Page S7704]]  is acceptable for the Federal Government to stand between a patient and  their doctor and to overrule science and personal choice in the name of  their personal political agenda.   I think my colleague Senator Marshall knows a thing or two about  preserving the importance of that doctor-patient relationship.   Is that correct, Senator?    Yes, indeed. You are correct, Senator Marshall.   As I have said before, Tennessee is a supply chain and logistic  State: shipping, transportation, manufacturing. These are things that  help form the backbone of our economy, and those industries employ  thousands upon thousands of people in our State.   I will tell you, these thousands of people are speaking up, just as  you have said they are speaking up in Kansas. Every day, I hear from  people who see what is happening on the ground, from small business  owners to truckdrivers, and they are sounding the alarm bells. They  know that Joe Biden's mandate will destroy their industries. They are  just not asking for carve-outs; what they are saying is, give us a plan  A, a plan B, a plan C; give us options.   Senator Marshall, I believe you have taken a different approach to  pushing back on some of these mandates.    Yes, indeed, Senator. I am very concerned.   The Biden administration has, indeed, weaponized the U.S. Government  against workers who love their jobs, against workers who are trying to  earn a living and support their families. We have to stand up and  defend them. Think about it. The Biden administration is using taxpayer  dollars to implement a program designed to fire the very people we need  to repair our supply chains, to bring manufacturing plants back online,  and to keep the public safe.   Yes, our law enforcement officers are very concerned about this, but  don't take my word for it. Ask some of these law enforcement unions.  Ask the Fraternal Order of Police, the National Sheriffs' Association,  and the National Border Patrol Council what will happen if these  mandates force them to fire their unvaccinated agents and officers.  They are waving red flags right now because these mandates aren't just  impractical and unethical; they are dangerous. They will take these men  and women off the frontlines and send them to the unemployment line and  make us vulnerable.   Am I correct on this point, Senator Marshall?    Thank you, Senator.   I am appreciative to the Senator from Kansas and to all of my  colleagues who have joined me on the floor today to fight this  dangerous precedent set by these mandates.   I think it is so vitally important for my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle to understand that the American people are not  interested in playing chicken with Joe Biden--not at all. This isn't  contrarian politics to them; this is a line in the sand between a  power-hungry President who wants to strip them of their fundamental  rights and get them fired from their jobs.   I yield the floor.   