 Madam Speaker, I thank the good gentleman  from Texas for yielding.   I have to tell you, that Jared, who you spoke about, I met his aunt  and uncle a few years ago. And he suffered a death that is too much to  think about. And him being an American citizen, born here free and  being murdered like he was by illegal aliens, criminals, animals, is  just too much to bear.   This is the people's House. This is the House of Representatives that  I have started to call the house of hypocrites. This entire campus  right now is surrounded by a border wall with razor wire. It is a fence  unlike anything at our southern border. This place is surrounded by the  military. It is completely guarded. But we don't extend the same thing  to the American people.   The Joe Biden administration, my Democratic colleagues here in  Congress, Democrats in the Senate, they want the border ripped wide  open, and that is what it is right now.   I just watched a video that was shared this morning from southeast  Texas where there are hundreds, perhaps thousands of people lined up to  cross the Rio Grande, and they are being smuggled into our country by  human traffickers.   It is big business to come into our country illegally, and Joe Biden  is rewarding the smugglers, the coyotes, the cartels in Mexico and  these other countries by opening our borders up and welcoming them all  in.   While they are forcing our kids to stay home and paying off these  teachers' union bosses, they have wide-open, 100 percent capacity, in- person teaching for illegal children. What kind of country is this that  rewards people that break into our country illegally, but yet abuses  its citizens and taxpayers?   There needs to be a change, and this is Joe Biden's crisis that he  will never recover from. People are not stupid, no matter if they vote  one party or the other. But the American people are going to be sick  and tired of being run over and treated this way.   Everybody wants to cry about COVID-19, the most politicized virus, a  political tool that shut down America. Well, let me tell you something,  all these people that I just watched on this  [[Page H1343]]  video, they are not wearing masks like we are required to do. They are  bringing all kinds of diseases into our country, but yet, they are  being welcomed in. Here, come to school. Here, here is a bus ride to  another city. Come on in. Yet America is still not fully open because  of COVID-19.   There are so many reasons why we can call this the house of  hypocrites that we could be here all day long, but I appreciate the  time.    Will the gentleman yield?    I definitely agree with the good gentleman  from Texas. You see, it is unfortunate that our colleagues on the other  side of the aisle use race as a tool to push their agenda, where here  in this country every single one of us are equal. God created us equal  and thank God we have a Constitution that affirms it.   And if we are to do anything we should look at Americans as one,  because we are the citizens of this Nation, and all of our policies and  laws should serve our American people, not divide it up by identity or  politics or any other category.    And it is shameful that we have come to this place after we have come  so far and achieved so much. And so, yes, I do agree with you, and it  needs to be done away with.    I absolutely agree with the good gentleman.  This is a place where we are sent to do a job for the people of our  district. We should be able to vote on record and not have to hide  behind a voice vote. We should be able to call for a motion to adjourn  to give everyone pause and thought before they vote for such crucial,  critical, radical, transforming legislation.   I absolutely fully agree with the good gentleman from Texas. Congress  is a place where people should be working just as our regular American  citizens are working 12-hour shifts, working in factories, working on  job sites, paving roads, working in restaurants, serving us when we go  to eat. This is absolutely a place where we should work, where we  should be able to use tools to represent our districts and not have  rules changed here in the people's House to stop us from being able to  use good measures for everyone in Congress to vote, be on record, and  do their jobs that they have been elected to do.   