 Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to oppose this  amendment. We all agree that in-person learning is a top priority this  school year. Democrats actually passed the American Rescue Plan without  a single Republican vote so schools have the resources to make safe,  in-person learning possible. The CDC also updated its guidance on  reopening, and State school districts and schools are working towards  that goal.   But in addition to ensuring in-person learning, we need to encourage  adherence to public health guidance, especially as this Delta variant  is surging. We also need to support learning and the mental health  needs of our students and much more. There is no disagreement on in- person learning, but the Scott amendment falls short on these very  important points.   By the way, we need to stop politicizing this issue.   So I encourage a ``no'' vote on this amendment.    Mr. President, this amendment is a serious threat to  women's safety that would allow someone else's personal beliefs rather  than a patient's best interests determine a patient's care.  [[Page S6223]]    No healthcare provider should be able to refuse to give lifesaving  information about where to get care to someone who is miscarrying. No  healthcare provider should be able to refuse to transfer a patient who  needs an abortion. No healthcare provider should be able to turn  patients away in an emergency situation for purely ideological reasons.  Everyone should be able to make their own choices about pregnancy and  parenting and exercise their constitutionally protected right to an  abortion.   This amendment would vastly expand abortion restrictions on Federal  funding.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.    Mr. President.    Mr. President, you know, this amendment is simply an  attempt to force the Federal Government to interfere with local school  district decisions about curriculum and academic instruction.   There are several longstanding provisions in Federal education law  that prohibit the Federal Government from mandating or directing school  curriculum. This amendment would contradict that bipartisan consensus  and allow the Federal Government to have a say over what schools can  and cannot teach our children.   I oppose this amendment because I believe States, local school  districts, and educators should be in the driver's seat when making  decisions about curriculum, and I urge my colleagues to vote no.    Mr. President, even in the midst of a pandemic, a  climate crisis, a childcare crisis, so many issues facing our working  families, it is so disappointing but not surprising that Republicans  continue to focus on restricting access to abortion care.   Let's be perfectly clear about this amendment. It is a clear attempt  to undermine Roe v. Wade. It would impose a 20-week abortion ban with  no exception for rape or incest, and it would harm women and families  across the country.   In fact, leading medical groups like the American Medical Association  and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists oppose  policies like this because they interfere with doctors' and patients'  ability to make decisions based on science and based on what is best  for their patients' healthcare.   Everyone has the right to make their own decisions about their own  reproductive healthcare.   I urge a ``no'' vote on the amendment.   