 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague Representative Sheila  Jackson Lee for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, yesterday marked the 56th anniversary of the Bloody  Sunday march, but for the first time we observed the solemn anniversary  feeling the tremendous absence of our colleague, our friend, our  brother, John Lewis.   Though John is no longer with us, his spirit and his soul still fill  this Chamber. And even amidst the noise and the bitter rancor, one can  still hear his words ringing so loudly that they cannot be ignored.  ``Get in good trouble, necessary trouble, and help redeem the soul of  America.''   John Lewis was widely known as the conscience of Congress, and I  can't think of a more fitting description of our friend, a man who  nearly lost his life on that bridge in Selma in the struggle for voting  rights.   John went on to represent his community in Congress for 33 years.  Whether marching for freedom in Selma or sitting on the House floor in  support of safer gun laws, while I was on the outside leading a rally  for the very same thing, John reminded each of us of the importance of  getting into good, necessary trouble. It was one of the greatest honors  of my life to be his colleague and fellow Member of Georgia's  congressional delegation.   As Americans we owe a great debt of gratitude to those who were on  that bridge in Selma, for sacrificing their blood in pursuit of a more  perfect Union. We honor the legacies those men and women left behind by  picking up the mantle of equality and justice for all and supporting  the fight for what is right and for what is just.   Because even in this moment we are painfully reminded that the work  remains unfinished. For many years before we mourned the death of John  Lewis, we grieved the loss of the Federal protections which the Voting  Rights Act once afforded all Americans, rights for which John Lewis  nearly gave his life long before he ever had the chance to serve his  community in Congress. And 56 years later the struggle to protect  voting rights continues back home in my State of Georgia and in State  legislatures all across this country.   As John would often say, we have a moral obligation, a mission, and a  mandate to do what we can to make our country and our world a better  place and to help usher in a loving community where no one is left out  or left behind.   Those words ring louder and louder for every day that goes by without  the sacred protections of the Voting Rights Act. And so today, we must  again step forward with a renewed unity of purpose to do what is  necessary to restore and protect the right to vote for all Americans  and to fulfill the vision laid forth by those heroes who marched before  us. Heroes like our John Lewis.   And it is more important than ever now to pass H.R. 4, the John Lewis  Voting Rights Advancement Act.   