 Madam Speaker, H.R. 1603 subjects H-2A employers to a  private right of action in Federal court for the first time ever in the  history of the H-2A program. The bill does so by applying the right of  action standard in the Migrant and Seasonal Agricultural Worker  Protection Act, or MSPA, to H-2A employers.  [[Page H1557]]    My motion to recommit today simply provides that when an H-2A  employer faces an H-2A-related claim under the MSPA, the employer is  provided a right to cure before the claim can proceed. Specifically,  the amendment allows the employer to attempt to resolve the alleged  violation within 5 days of receiving the complaint. The employer must  also file with the court documentation demonstrating that the action  giving rise to the complaint has been remedied. After that, the court  may dismiss the complaint if it is satisfied that the complaint has  been resolved.   Under H.R. 1603, private right of action can include actual damages  or statutory damages of up to $500 per plaintiff per violation, where  violations constitute separate provisions. Most claims involve multiple  plaintiffs and, in class action, could involve many plaintiffs who  didn't even want to be part of the claim. For class action, the court  is authorized to award the lesser of up to $500 per plaintiff per  violation or up to $500,000. In other words, liability under MSPA could  be half a million dollars.   Especially in the case of a fabricated claim or an unintended  violation, this could be financially devastating for farmers. Costs  like these to agricultural employers on top of attorneys' fees, court  fees, and awards pursuant to other claim avenues should be taken  seriously. They can be significant burdens on employers who did not  knowingly or purposefully violate H-2A requirements.   At the very least, we should allow our growers the opportunity to  remedy a potential violation before they are hit with a huge penalty.  Today's motion to recommit would do just that. If the purpose of filing  a complaint is to seek redress, then this amendment provides a  reasonable path forward.   I am sure that those whose purpose it is to subject employers to  additional claims, frivolous or otherwise, will oppose my amendment,  but those who understand the importance of helping U.S. farmers in the  face of constant and growing competition from foreign agricultural  operations without our high labor standards understand how reasonable a  right to cure is.    Madam Speaker, my amendment would retain the ability  of H-2A workers to obtain redress, but would provide important  protection for growers, too.   Madam Speaker, if we adopt the motion to recommit, we will instruct  the Committee on the Judiciary to consider my amendment to H.R. 1603 to  provide a commonsense right to cure for our Nation's farmers, who will  be subject to burdensome litigation under this underlying bill.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include the text of the  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the  desk.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   