 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the National  Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022.   I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their  work in developing this comprehensive bill that will ensure our men and  women in uniform have the resources they need to keep our country safe.   The bill before us today does not include a provision requiring women  to register for the Selective Service. This bill does not include any  red-flag gun provisions that would infringe on the Second Amendment  rights of our servicemembers. And this bill does not establish an  office of extremism.   I want to thank Ranking Member Rogers for his advocacy in removing  these provisions from the final bill.   This bill does protect servicemembers who choose not to receive the  COVID-19 vaccine by prohibiting the DOD from issuing dishonorable  discharges. It also requires the DOD to establish uniform standards for  COVID-19 vaccine exemptions and requires the Pentagon to consider the  effects of natural immunity.   As ranking member of the Tactical Air and Land Forces Subcommittee, I  am pleased with the continued investments this bill makes for our air  and land capabilities.   Under the Tactical Air and Land Forces Subcommittee's jurisdiction,  this bill continues critical oversight of the Air Force, Navy, and  Marine Corps'  [[Page H6926]]  strike fighter force structure and inventory management, setting better  conditions for ensuring the right mix of fourth- and fifth-generation  fighters and managing operational risk.   Specifically, this legislation authorizes funding for 12 F/A-18 Super  Hornets, 85 F-35 Joint Strike Fighters, and 17 F-15EX aircraft.   The legislation also provides much-needed funding increases within  the Army's small and medium caliber ammunition accounts as well as to  support operational and safety improvements to the Nation's ammunition  industrial base. I am proud of this legislation, and I urge all of my  colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the final passage of the NDAA.   