 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from California  for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I am also happy to see  him back doing well. I appreciate that, and that we are here in the  Chamber together.   Madam Speaker, we are here considering the rule for three  controversial, divisive bills being moved forward by the majority with  very little input from Republicans or the millions of Americans these  bills will affect. Two of these bills are highly controversial gun  control bills that undermine the constitutional right to bear arms.   H.R. 8, the so-called universal background check bill, would  criminalize the private transfer of firearms. Combined with the  restrictions already placed on private transfers during the pandemic,  this makes it impossible for law-abiding gun owners to acquire or even  borrow or lend firearms.   Universal background checks do not stop criminals. In fact, the  majority of the criminals in State and Federal prisons who used a  firearm during their offense got that firearm by stealing it, taking it  from a family member or friend, or just an underground market. In 2013,  the Department of Justice's National Institute of Justice researched  universal background checks and determined that they would not be  effective without additional restrictions on firearms.   The other gun control bill, the Charleston loophole bill, would  permit the Federal Government to delay a firearm transfer indefinitely  without any proof that the person is ineligible to possess a firearm.  This bill undermines the ability for Americans to legally purchase a  firearm, as it subjects firearm dealers to the mercy of the Federal  bureaucracy.   Before we jump straight to this kind of constitutional overreach, it  is important to remember that gun control legislation isn't going to  stop criminals from gaining access to guns.   In the rural district I represent, many of my constituents are  hunters, sportsmen, and law-abiding gun owners who utilize their Second  Amendment rights. These bills undermine their ability to do so, and  flies in the face of unity that has been promised by the President and  Democrats.   Lastly, we are considering a bill that amounts to a union boss wish  list that the majority is pushing, circumventing regular order and  without input from the minority.   Madam Speaker, labor law must strike a balance--a careful balance  between labor unions' rights to organize and employers' abilities to  respond to these efforts. However, the PRO Act, a monumental rewrite of  Federal labor law, will massively tip the scales in favor of unions,  leaving employers and small businesses with massive costs and  burdensome or vague legal standards.    Among the most egregious, a section of this bill is applying a one- size-fits-all standard for union contracts, rendering the franchise  industry completely unviable by imposing a burdensome joint-employer  Obama rule and requiring the disclosure of private information of  employees to union organizers without their consent.   My great home State has a proud history of supporting organized  labor, and I support employees' right to collective bargaining.  However, this legislation before us today represents a misguided and  unbalanced approached to labor law.   Madam Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to think twice before  supporting these bills that could permanently alter our job market and  threaten our constitutional rights. I urge opposition to this rule, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman  from Pennsylvania (Mr. Reschenthaler), my good friend and colleague  from the Rules Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from  [[Page H1090]]  the 26th District of Texas (Mr. Burgess), who is another one of my  colleagues on the Rules Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Texas an  additional 15 seconds.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman  from the Fifth District of Oklahoma (Mrs. Bice).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Good).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Grothman).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman  from the First District of Iowa (Mrs. Hinson).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman  from the Third District of Florida (Mrs. Cammack).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from the Ninth District of Georgia (Mr. Clyde).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Alabama's Second District (Mr. Moore).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman  from Tennessee (Mrs. Harshbarger).    Madam Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I  will offer an amendment to the rule to provide for consideration of  Congresswoman Hinson's bill, H.R. 682, the Reopen Schools Act.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous materials, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Madam Speaker, H.R. 682, the Reopen Schools Act,  provides a safe and responsible path forward to reopen our schools and  to get our students back in the classroom.   To speak further on the bill, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Iowa (Mrs. Hinson), my colleague.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, the Centers for Disease Control has indicated schools  can operate safely with students in the classroom, yet many schools  across the country remain closed.   President Biden has chosen to side with political allies and big  labor groups over scientists, and our students are being denied their  right to a good education as a result.   Kids need to be in school, and we should follow the science and  reopen the schools for in-person instruction now.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``no'' on the previous question and ``no'' on  the underlying measure, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   