 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    I had intended to come to the floor earlier today with  Senator Grassley so that we could talk about our legislation that we  are introducing this week, that would build upon our efforts to protect  the survivors of sexual assault in the criminal justice system.   Unfortunately, I got delayed, but Senator Grassley was here on the  floor. I want to recognize all of his efforts to address this critical  issue, and appreciate, again, his willingness to work with me.   The effort to extend rights for sexual assault survivors across the  country is critically important, and I am hopeful that when the bill  that we introduced gets to the floor, that all of our colleagues will  join us in passing this bipartisan legislation.   I first became involved in the precursor to this legislation in 2015,  when a young woman named Amanda Nguyen of the Rise organization  contacted my office. She had been traveling from office to office here  in the Senate, trying to find somebody to listen to her story.   Amanda is a survivor of sexual assault, and she is a fierce advocate  for change in the way our criminal justice system treats survivors.  When she detailed her harrowing story of sexual assault and subsequent  interactions with the criminal justice system, it was very clear  something had to change.   Amanda described a system that further traumatized survivors and  provided scarce protection of their rights. Evidence of assaults was  being destroyed without survivors even knowing about it, and survivors  were forced to periodically follow up with law enforcement to preserve  evidence of their assaults.   The broken process that survivors were forced to endure resulted in a  system where they were often revictimized. This system forced survivors  to confront the trauma of reliving their attacks each time they sought  to preserve evidence or gather information about their cases.   Working with Amanda, I introduced the Sexual Assault Survivors'  Rights Act to ensure survivors were guaranteed basic rights while  pursuing justice. The legislation created the first legally recognized  set of rights for survivors to enforce in a court of law.   I am so grateful that Senator Grassley worked on this effort with me,  and he included the legislation in the Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act  so that it could be signed into law.   The legislation that we passed back in 2015-2016 provided survivors  with greater protections in Federal cases with a focus on notice,  access, and the preservation of sexual assault evidence collection  kits.   By creating this set of court-enforceable rights at the Federal  level, Congress established a model for all States to adopt similar  legislation to protect the rights of survivors. And that has happened  in many States, including in my home State of New Hampshire. States  have adopted legislation to guarantee survivors certain basic rights in  the criminal justice system.   Unfortunately, we have a lot of other States that have not followed  suit and don't have legislation that protects survivors. That is why  the bill that Senator Grassley and I came to the floor today to discuss  is just so important.   The Survivors' Bill of Rights in the States Act would establish a  grant program accessible to States that have in place a law which  guarantees the rights contained in the Sexual Assault Survivors' Rights  Act. States could then use the funds to implement survivor rights,  preserve sexual assault evidence collection kits, reduce the backlog of  kits, and provide support for victim services.   Now is the time to pass this legislation. The risk of sexual assault  and domestic violence has increased during this coronavirus pandemic.  We can look at any of the statistics and they show us that   We need to ensure that States provide the same level of protection  for these survivors as they receive at the Federal level. No survivor  should be compelled to bear the indignity of petitioning law  enforcement merely to ensure that they are given a fair shake in the  criminal justice process.   It is my hope that this legislation will lead to an increase in  States passing bills that protect survivors' rights. Let's again show  survivors that Congress is behind them and that we will stand up for  their rights. Let's pass the Survivors' Bill of Rights in the States  Act.   Again, I want to thank Senator Grassley for all of his efforts. I  hope together, with the support of other sponsors in this body, that we  can get this bill across the finish line.    Senator Wicker, that is my understanding.   