 Mr. President, ahead of our votes today, I wanted to  echo the concerns that have already been voiced by many of my  colleagues in this Chamber regarding the nomination of Alejandro  Mayorkas to be the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security.   At this point, we are all very familiar with his long legacy of  service on behalf of people of the United States, so I will just  highlight one example of the ``value'' that he will bring to the table  should the Senate vote to confirm him.   When he served as USCIS Director during the Obama administration, the  inspector general was forced to investigate an ``extraordinary'' number  of internal allegations that Mayorkas was granting ``special access and  special favors'' to wealthy EB-5 ``investor visa'' applicants linked to  influential Democrats.   When the IG took a closer look at the visa applications for three  powerful Chinese nationals in particular, they came to the conclusion  that if Mayorkas hadn't intervened, and I am quoting, ``the matter  would have been decided differently.''   Now, this is something that we know is inappropriate. We know that  this is something for which Mr. Mayorkas should be held accountable. We  know that this is something for which he has not been held accountable,  and here is what he did: He put his thumb on the scale, pressured his  DHS colleagues--pressured his DHS colleagues--to break their own rules  and turn the law on its head, all because a few powerful friends asked  him to do it. He pressured others for the benefit of some powerful  friends, and it is all there for everyone to read in the inspector  general's report, and he was never held accountable. Yet, here we are,  being asked to support his nomination to the President's Cabinet.   There are plenty of policy differences between myself and Mr.  Mayorkas that have convinced me I have no choice but to stand in  opposition to his confirmation. But the example I just cited, in  particular, gives me additional serious concerns about how his  influence would affect the integrity of the Agency.   Just last week, I joined several of my colleagues in a letter to the  senior Senator from Illinois, asking him to exercise his judgment as  the incoming chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee and allow for a  second hearing so we could examine Mr. Mayorkas's record thoroughly  because, while I believe that the President has every right to assemble  his Cabinet, I also believe that the American people have every right  to understand exactly who is  [[Page S221]]  being put in charge of enforcing our Nation's immigration laws and  keeping our border secure, enforcing counterterrorism measures and  keeping an eye on the country's cybersecurity. And the current nominee?  Never held accountable for showing favor to some friends in high  places. That is not the way this is supposed to be.   I would urge my colleagues to consider the American people--the  taxpayers who are footing the bill for every salary that is given to  every individual working with the Federal Government. What is the  standard? What do they expect from their leaders?   Thereby, I oppose the nomination.   I yield my time.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   