 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    I ask unanimous consent to speak as if in morning  business for 5 minutes.    Mr. President, I rise today in recognition of Native  American Heritage Month. As a Senator from Washington State, I am proud  to represent 29 federally recognized Tribes.   In Washington, we understand the importance of the sovereignty of  Tribal Governments. And anyone who knows me knows, I believe a  commitment is more than just words. It is about action.   At the start of this year, when we passed the American Rescue Plan to  get America up and running again, it was the single largest Federal  investment in Tribes ever--more than $32 billion for Tribal Nations.   Since then, I have spoken to many Tribal leaders in Washington State  about what this has meant for our Tribal communities.   A housing grant to the Muckleshoot Indian Tribe helped provide homes  for an additional 25 families.   The Lummi Nation created new opportunities for education and job  retraining.   The American Rescue Plan helped the Tulalip keep Tulalip-owned  businesses, who have been struggling since the pandemic, afloat.   Action on our commitment has helped Tribal members in my home State  stay housed, get back to work, keep their small businesses open, and  continues to make a difference in a thousand different ways.   Now, these outcomes weren't inevitable. They happened because of  intentional and specific policy decisions this  [[Page S8423]]  Congress made to support Tribal Nations.   So if we are serious about showing a real commitment to Tribal  communities during Native American Heritage Month, then we need to  continue to prioritize Tribal communities in all of our policymaking.   Infrastructure in Indian Country--everything from roads to bridges,  to broadband--has been underfunded for too long. The bipartisan  infrastructure bill, which is now signed into law, will make $13  billion in direct investments in Indian Country, with tens of billions  more in Federal grants and future funding opportunities. This will mean  clean drinking water, access to high-speed internet, transit to connect  communities, and more.   Now we have another opportunity to show our commitment to Tribal  communities with the Build Back Better Act. Just like everywhere else  in this country, childcare is a crisis for Native communities. Right  now, about one out of every four Native Americans in this country is  experiencing poverty. That is higher than any other group. So when 1 in  10 Native American parents have to quit or change their job because  they can't find or afford childcare, we are making a tough situation  worse.   My childcare proposal in Build Back Better is going to cut the cost  of childcare by thousands for Tribal families--with many paying nothing  at all for childcare--and it is going to help get more slots open  everywhere we need them, so parents won't be stuck on waiting lists for  months on end.   It is our government's duty to make investments like this one in  Indian Country because if we really believe in Tribal sovereignty and  acknowledging the role our government has played in centuries of  persecution Native peoples in this country have faced, we must also  take action to create real opportunity for people; action on quality,  affordable childcare, housing, home care, and more.   Build Back Better is going to make a big difference for Native  communities, but there is more we need to do to address the specific  needs of Native communities.   We have to build on President Biden's Executive action to address the  epidemic of missing or murdered indigenous peoples, especially to  protect Native women and girls. We must reauthorize the Violence  Against Women Act and strengthen that legislation to empower Tribal  Nations to hold perpetrators of crimes committed on Tribal lands  accountable. And living up to our commitments is also about  representation and a seat at the table.   I was overjoyed to strongly support the confirmation of Deb Haaland,  who is already blazing a trail as a historic Secretary of the Interior  and a powerful voice for Tribal interests.   I was proud to recommend Lauren King, a citizen of the Muscogee  Nation and a Tribal law expert to serve a lifetime appointment as a  Federal court judge in Washington State--the first Native American  Federal judge in my State's history and just the sixth ever in American  history. And I am glad to see more than 50 Native Americans serving in  key political positions throughout the Biden administration. I look  forward to seeing many more.   So, on this Native American Heritage Month, let's resolve to build on  the important work this Congress has done so far to support our Native  communities.   As a voice for Washington State Tribes in the U.S. Senate, I will  always advocate for Indian Country and fight to ensure the Federal  Government lives up to its sacred commitment to indigenous people  across the country.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   