 Madam Speaker, each year Congress considers one of the  most important pieces of legislation, the National Defense  Authorization Act. I applaud the bipartisan leadership of Chairman Adam  Smith and Ranking Member   Mike Rogers.   And as the ranking member of the Tactical Air and Land Forces  Subcommittee, I want to thank our subcommittee chairman,   Donald  Norcross, for his collaborative, bipartisan efforts.   I am pleased the committee approved a bipartisan amendment in markup  to increase the top line by $23.9 billion. This increase is needed to  continue the progress we have made in rebuilding readiness and will  facilitate modernization programs necessary to prepare our military  forces to compete with, deter, and win against peer challengers and  adversaries.   Under the subcommittee's jurisdiction, this bill continues critical  oversight of the Air Force, Navy, and Marine Corps' strike-fighter  force structure and inventory management, setting better conditions for  ensuring the right mix of fourth and fifth generation fighters, and  managing operational risk. Specifically, this legislation authorizes  funding for 80 F-35 Joint Strike Fighters, 24 F-15EX aircraft, and 12  F/A-18 Super Hornets.   The legislation also reverses several proposed cuts, including  procurement for the Army's small caliber ammunition accounts. It also  facilitates stronger oversight to ensure current ISR and counter UAS  capabilities and capacity are maintained and prioritized to mitigate  near-term operational risk and prevent future capability gaps.   Outside the subcommittee's jurisdiction, I am pleased that this bill  includes several provisions regarding the disastrous withdrawal from  Afghanistan, including my provision requiring an accounting of the  decision to leave Bagram Air Base.   I am also pleased this legislation includes two of my bills, the  CADET Act and the Connecting the Community to End Military Suicide Act.   I do have concerns with several provisions in the underlying bill,  including the selective service, and I am hopeful we can work in a  bipartisan manner to address those. I encourage support.   MR. SMITH of Washington. Madam Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2  minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Norcross), the chair of  the Tactical Air and Land Forces Subcommittee.   