 MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the  gentlewoman for yielding and for her outstanding work on the Rules  Committee.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the rule for H.R. 5314, the  Protecting Our Democracy Act.   This sweeping package of reforms, many of which have been supported  by Democrats and Republicans in the past, will protect our government  from future abuses, restore the government's system of checks and  balances, and strengthen our accountability and transparency.   The Committee on Oversight and Reform has jurisdiction over several  titles in this landmark legislation, and I am proud to be an original  cosponsor of this bill.   The Protecting Our Democracy Act includes the Inspector General  Independence Act, which I introduced last year with Majority Leader  Steny Hoyer and several other members of the Committee on Oversight and  Reform.   The bill would strengthen protections for inspectors general by only  allowing an IG to be removed for specific, documented causes and not  for political retaliation, for doing their jobs and conducting  oversight.   The bill also includes my Whistleblower Protection Improvement Act, a  bipartisan bill the Committee on Oversight and Reform approved earlier  this year. These provisions would strengthen protections for  whistleblowers by protecting their anonymity and prohibiting  retaliation when they come forward with abuses in government.   The Protecting Our Democracy Act would strengthen the Hatch Act,  which is intended to protect the government from political interference  with our workforce.   Last month, the independent Office of Special Counsel found that  senior officials in the last administration repeatedly broke the law by  using their government positions to campaign for the former President.   The bill also includes Representative Katie Porter's bill, the  Accountability for Acting Officials Act, which would limit who can be  named an acting official and for how long. These reforms would close  loopholes that are ripe for abuse.   Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to vote for this important bill.   