 Madam Speaker, I rise today to address the  record-breaking inflation that will make next Thursday the most  expensive Thanksgiving in history due to Biden's and Democrats'  detrimental policy decisions. The American people will feel the impact  of rising inflation this Thanksgiving and holiday season.   Prices of ingredients for the traditional Thanksgiving dinner are  sky-high, with turkey costs up 27 percent, pumpkin pie up 17 percent,  and carrots up 47 percent. Beyond the pricey meal, travel costs are  surging because a gallon of gas costs 61 percent more than a year ago  and airfare is expected to increase 18 percent, placing a burden on  families to visit loved ones for the holidays. On top of this, simply  staying warm this winter will cost more. Heating bills are projected to  rise as much as 54 percent compared to last winter.   While these everyday prices are skyrocketing, wages are stagnant,  which means decreased purchasing power for hardworking Americans. Not  only will they have less money to spend on Thanksgiving traditions and  holiday gifts that will have a damaging impact on our small businesses  and our overall economy, but the livelihoods of Americans will be  harmed by the difficulty to afford day-to-day necessities.   Madam Speaker, Biden's failed policies are hitting home. As shown  through the significant drop in his approval rating, Americans are  desperate for a solution to fix these insane price increases.   Instead, what is Biden's response?   Continue to push the partisan reconciliation bill that would pump the  economy with trillions more dollars in spending for social programs  that are not paid for, further exacerbating this inflation crisis and  causing American taxpayers to suffer the effects for generations to  come.   There are grave consequences to careless actions. I urge my  colleagues and the American people to recognize this Thanksgiving as a  direct result of excessive government spending and shutting down our  country's energy production.   