 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, we are less than 100 days into the  Biden administration, and already we can identify a pattern in how they  are building their policy initiatives, interacting with Congress, and  marketing their ideas to the American people. In every example, the  governing rule can be boiled down to ``what you see isn't what you are  going to get.''   So far, in this 117th Congress, every single major policy proposal  that DC Democrats have forced into the spotlight has been based on a  false premise. They have intentionally misled the American people and  are now catering to the increasingly radical leftwing that gets further  out of step with the rest of this country each and every passing day.   Consider last month's absurd $1.9 trillion spending package. The  Democrats billed this as ``the American Rescue Plan'' and ``COVID  relief,'' but only 9 percent--9 percent--of the total package pricetag  went for testing, vaccinations, and healthcare jobs. The rest  [[Page S2195]]  they used on a massive blue State bailout and blatant redistribution of  wealth.   It is the same story with this month's $2.25 trillion spending  package. They have done their best to pass this off as an  ``infrastructure plan,'' but even if you add up every single line item  that is dedicated to roads, bridges, highways, interstates, ports,  waterways, airports, broadband, and the power grid, only a little over  one-third of that plan will pay for actual infrastructure projects. The  rest--the rest--of that $2.25 trillion is just another slush fund for  union activism, climate change auditors, and Green New Deal fantasies.   S. 1, the so-called ``voting rights'' bill that my colleagues across  the aisle have spoken so passionately about, completes the trifecta of  bait-and-switch bills, advertised as one thing but that would  accomplish something completely different.   Now, S. 1 isn't as much a taxpayer-dollar grab as it is a nearly  unprecedented policy power grab that offers solutions in search of  problems. It ignores the promises of federalism. It disregards the  constitutional directive affording States--affording the States--power  over their own elections.   It requires the use of ballot casting technology and voter  registration systems that don't even exist yet, but I think you can bet  that some politically connected companies will make a whole bunch of  money coming to the market with this technology.   It would dismantle voter ID laws and prevent local, meaningful  cleanup of voter rolls. Your local election commission wouldn't be able  to purge their rolls of individuals who have died or moved away. We  know that this leads you to a recipe for fraud.    Speaking of fraud, it would force States to allow ballot harvesting.  That is right; it would mandate that they allow ballot harvesting.  Everyone has heard of the perils that exist with ballot harvesting. It  would mandate donor disclosure, opening private citizens up to  harassment and violent attacks. It would upend the mechanics of local  elections for officials and voters alike and cause chaos and confusion  in every precinct in this country.   So why in the world would Democrats even try to pitch this mess as  something that would protect voting rights? By all accounts, it would  increase the likelihood for fraud and confusion. Well, I think that  they are doing it for the same reason they slapped a ``COVID'' label on  a $1.9 trillion wish list and an ``infrastructure'' label on a $2.25  trillion wish list. They know that if the American people caught on to  all that they are doing, they would never win another election.   Now, think about that--if you know your policies are so unpopular  with the American people that you have to cloak them behind different  words, different phrases, words that the meaning of the word is  evolving because they don't stand up to scrutiny in the light of day.  And that is what is happening.   You know, it isn't just false advertising. It is not a falsehood. It  is not misrepresentation. It is not an inaccuracy. It is not an  accidental lie. This is an intentional lie. They are perpetrating this  lie on behalf of a radical leftist minority of Americans whose ideas  are so destructive that they wouldn't withstand 10 minutes of good,  solid, robust, respectful bipartisan debate on this Senate floor.   Nothing about S. 1 will serve the best interests of the American  people, and my Republican colleagues and I aren't the only ones who see  the problems with it. Tennesseeans are worried about this, too,  because, in Tennessee, we did the work to clean up our voter rolls and  implement fair voter ID laws. We cut down on fraud and increased faith  in the electoral process.   This is how it is supposed to work. We do not need Federal  intervention to protect the vote. So no wonder my Democratic colleagues  chose to use the full weight of the Senate Judiciary Committee to scare  the American people into believing they live in ``Jim Crow America.''  Throughout the course of last week's hearing, which they called ``Jim  Crow 2021: The Latest Assault on the Right to Vote,'' they weaponized  the pernicious lens of critical race theory against Georgia legislators  and the thousands of election officials and volunteers who work year- round to bring as many eligible voters to the polls as possible.   Everyone should exercise their right to vote. We should protect one  person, one vote. We should encourage people in our local communities  to cast their ballot. But my friends across the aisle, they are  desperate, and they are desperate to distract from what S. 1 would  actually do, so desperate to distract from what it would actually do  that they are willing to project the evil hatred behind slavery,  segregation, and race-based violence, projecting that onto people whose  only goal is to protect the vote from criminals who would seek to  defraud it and make certain that individuals are registered to vote,  that they vote, and that legal votes are counted and those improperly  cast are not.   Now, my friends across the aisle have an invalid premise, and they  should all pause and question their motives. The American people should  be worried about what is happening in this Chamber when no one is  looking. They should feel outrage at an administration that  deliberately tries to manipulate them into supporting destructive,  wasteful, and dangerous legislation.   I think these bait-and-switch tactics are going to backfire. I think  the scare tactics are going to backfire because instead of being scared  into submission, which is the agenda of the left, the American people  are going to be scared into action.   Based on the contents of H.R. 1 and S. 1, I guess that they are more  familiar with the ins and outs of their neighborhood polling places  than DC Democrats could ever expect to be. And that doesn't bode well  for the administration or the current congressional majority   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   