 Mr. President, I rise today, as I have done too many  times before and as my colleague Senator Murphy did just last week, to  reiterate what people across my home State and the entire country have  been calling for for years now, calling for us to take action here in  the Senate to end the crisis of gun violence that we are seeing in our  schools, in our neighborhoods, and across our country.   Last week, we mourned the deaths of four high school students  following the tragic shooting at Oxford High School in Michigan. My  heart goes out to those four students' families and friends, and my  heart goes out to every student at Oxford High who is now carrying the  trauma of that experience.   My heart breaks for every student in this country who grows up  thinking something like this will eventually happen to them at their  school, and my heart hurts for every parent who worries every time they  send their kid off to school because--let's face it--school shootings  are a very real threat in this country.   As a parent and a grandparent and a former preschool teacher, I know  school is supposed to be a place where our children feel safe, where  they can go to learn and grow and see friends, where they can be kids,  but after weeks like last week, that feeling disappears, following  school shootings like the one we saw in Michigan or threats to schools  like we saw last week in my home State of Washington.   Just last week, my hometown high school, Bothell High School, was  shut down over concerns about a threat of violence. Ferndale High  School was in lockdown Wednesday because of a threat of a gun on  campus. That same Wednesday, the day after the shooting in Michigan,  threats were made targeting three schools in Mukilteo School District,  forcing local law enforcement to mobilize resources and personnel--all  of that in just 1 week.   While, luckily, none of those threats we saw in my home State  escalated any further thanks in large part to the quick work of local  officials, in the same week, Seattle saw six shootings in just over 24  hours. From January through October of this year, Seattle has already  seen more than 500 shooting incidents. It is already the most shootings  the city has seen in the last decade.   I am not the only one who thinks this cannot continue. I know because  for years I have heard from students and teachers and parents from my  State who want major Federal action to finally end the gun violence  epidemic in this country. People want an end to these school shootings,  an end to shootings at our churches and places of worship, an end to  the shootings at our malls and stores, and an end to the gun violence  that doesn't always make the news but happens on our streets and in our  neighborhoods.   As Senator Murphy said last week, we are the only high-income nation  in the world where this happens. But it happens because we let it  happen because, despite how many times my Democratic colleagues and I  have come to the floor with commonsense, popular legislation to help  prevent gun violence, our Republican colleagues block us from even  debating those bills, let alone voting on them. Think about that. They  won't even allow a debate on this legislation that could save lives.   So I ask them: How many times are we going to go through this cycle?  What will you tell parents in this country when they ask you what you  did to stop the next school shooting? How many times will you refuse to  even debate commonsense steps to keep our communities safe?   It is past time Republicans either get on board with taking action to  stop these shootings or at least get out of the way. Like so many  parents or grandparents, I want to stop worrying if our kids are safe  in school. And like so many Americans, I am done with my Republican  colleagues blocking commonsense gun laws at every turn.   At this point, you are either in favor of taking action to help put  an end to these shootings or you are against them.   Washington can and should continue to build on its gun safety laws.  The administration can and should continue to invest in community  violence intervention programs. But here is the deal: We can't address  the full scope of the gun violence epidemic in this country without  taking major Federal action. Universal background checks, an assault  weapons ban, and a patchwork of gun safety laws are simply not  adequate. We need Federal laws in place in order to protect our  families.   The fact that one party has listened to the voices of parents across  the country and taken to the floor once again to call for an end to gun  violence while the other listens to the gun lobby and stays silent in  the face of repeated tragedy speaks volumes. Simply put, our kids and  grandkids deserve to be safe from gun violence in their schools and on  our streets.   I refuse to let Republican obstruction continue to get in the way of  commonsense measures that will save lives. All options need to be on  the table. It is time we restore the Senate to make sure this  institution can actually serve the interests of the vast majority of  the American public.   So I promise all parents, all the grandparents, everyone in  Washington State that, despite the obstruction and silence from my  Republican colleagues, I will not stay quiet, and I will keep pushing  for change. And I hope the American people will do the same.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator  Lankford be recognized for up to 6 minutes, Senator Murphy for up to 5  minutes, and that I be recognized last for up to 12 minutes prior to  the scheduled vote.    Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Connecticut,  and I rise today as well to urge my colleagues to vote against this  dangerous resolution, which would pull the rug out from under our COVID  response efforts at a really critical moment.   We are fighting an unprecedented pandemic, and we all know just how  painful this fight has been. Everyone remembers the way it upended our  economy as small businesses shuttered, workers got sent home; the way  it upended our healthcare system as emergency rooms filled and supplies  dwindled and healthcare professionals started working really long hours  in dangerous conditions; the way it upended our lives when schools and  childcare providers were forced to close to keep people safe.   We all know people who have been infected by this deadly virus. We  all know people who are still fighting the effects of long COVID, which  we are still trying to work to understand. And we all know people who  have been killed by this virus.   We have lost family members, mothers, daughters, fathers, sons,  grandparents. We have all lost dear friends. We have lost beloved  community members and frontline workers who keep our communities  functioning. We have lost teachers and principals, doctors, nurses,  police officers, firefighters. We have lost time with each other that  we cannot get back.   This virus left no American and no part of America alone. COVID has  now killed over 785,000 people in this country, more Americans than any  war we have ever fought. And despite what Republicans seem to believe,  given the fact we are voting on a resolution to undermine a cornerstone  policy of our pandemic response and despite the hard-fought and very  real progress we have made, this crisis is not over.   We are still averaging over 100,000 new cases a day. We still have  over 50,000 people hospitalized with COVID. We are still, right now,  seeing, on average, well over 1,000 deaths a day, overwhelmingly among  people who are not vaccinated.   And we are still on high alert for new variants. We saw with Delta  how a new, more dangerous, more contagious variant of COVID-19 could  set back all the progress we fought so hard to make, and we are at this  very moment learning more about the Omicron variant and what sort of  threat it might pose.   So how on Earth does it make sense right now to undercut one of the  strongest tools that we have to get people vaccinated and stop this  virus? In what world is that a good idea?   We all know the damage this virus does to our communities. We should  be doing everything we can to stop it. We should be using every tool to  protect our country, our economy, and our families.   And we know vaccines are one of the best tools we have to do that. It  has been almost a year now since the first vaccine was authorized.  After months of hoping--remember that?--that news meant we finally had  a safe, effective vaccine to protect people from this virus, and we  have made a lot of progress since then when it comes to making the most  of vaccines and getting them to people across the country.   Vaccines are now authorized, as we know, for everyone ages 5 and up.  Booster shots are now available to make sure people continue to stay  protected amid concerns over these new variants. And around 60 percent  of all eligible people in our Nation are fully vaccinated.   But we still have a ways to go to vaccinate our country and to  vaccinate the world if we are going to end this pandemic. That should  be our No. 1 priority.   But this resolution that our friends across the aisle are offering  tonight would move us in the opposite direction. It will take away one  of the strongest means we have to encourage people to get vaccinated,  save lives, end this pandemic, and keep our economic recovery on track.   Immunization requirements in this country are not new. They go back  as far in our history as General George Washington, who required his  troops to get vaccinated against smallpox. They have been critical in  the fight of diseases like polio and measles and mumps and rubella,  just to name a few.   And the reason we no longer have to worry about diseases like  smallpox and polio in this country is because vaccines work.   Nor are workplace safety standards a new thing. The Occupational  Safety and Health Administration has a long track record of setting and  enforcing safety standards that simply prevent workers from getting  sick or injured on the job.   OSHA not only has the authority to protect workers with safety  standards; it has been doing this for 50 years. The law that  established OSHA even gave it authority to respond to emergencies by  issuing an emergency temporary standard, or ETS, when there is a grave  danger to workers.   And it makes all the sense in the world for them to use that power to  protect workers from COVID because the painful reality is that COVID-19  has killed a lot of workers. We have lost hundreds of meatpacking  workers and grocery store workers to this virus. We lost over 3,600  healthcare workers to COVID in 1 year. And over 10,000 agricultural  workers have been killed by COVID.   This is exactly the kind of threat OSHA should be protecting people  against. It is exactly the kind of grave danger Congress gave OSHA the  authority to issue an ETS to respond to. And OSHA has rightfully used  that authority to put forward an emergency temporary standard on COVID- 19 that is simple, it is flexible, and it is lifesaving.   Republicans seem to not be hearing this part, so I want to be  especially clear about it. This requires employers with 100 or more  employees to make sure workers either--either--get vaccinated or get a  COVID test once a week before they go in to the workplace--either  vaccinated or tested once a week.   It also provides, by the way, paid time for workers to get  vaccinated, removing a key barrier to vaccinations. It is a strong tool  for getting our Nation vaccinated. And despite how my Republican  colleagues talk about it, letting employers have the flexibility to  offer a testing option means they don't have to ask workers to leave  their job if they choose not to get vaccinated.   This step for getting people vaccinated or requiring testing is  overwhelmingly popular with American people. A poll actually taken  shortly after President Biden announced this step found that 6 in 10  Americans supported requiring businesses of 100 or more to have  employees vaccinated or tested regularly; and 7 in 10 supported making  sure people have paid time off to get vaccinated.   Of course, that should be no surprise. After all, no one wants to go  to work worried that they might come home to their family with a deadly  virus, worried that they might get their own kids sick, which is why  getting more people vaccinated could help our country get back to work.   We all know people want to work where they feel safe. We all want to  work where we feel safe. And economists predict that vaccination  policies could lead to millions of Americans reentering the workforce.   Let's get something straight: the big threat to our workforce and to  our  [[Page S9034]]  economy is the virus. It is the virus that has killed hundreds of  thousands of people and shuttered businesses. It is not the safety  standard that will keep workers safe and businesses open.   In fact, this type of safety standard is also supported by businesses  across the country. Many businesses have already implemented policies  like the standard Republicans are trying to overturn. And you know what  has happened time after time?   United Airlines, 99 percent of its 67,000-person workforce has  complied overwhelmingly by getting vaccinated. Tyson Foods went from  having less than half of its 120,000 workers vaccinated to now over 96  percent. MGM Resorts has 98 percent of its workers vaccinated. Walmart  says an overwhelming majority of employees have gotten vaccinated. A  Connecticut manufacturer with 250 workers recently announced 100- percent vaccination rate. And that list goes on and on.   In one place after another, we are seeing over 90 percent of workers  comply with this requirement--some through testing, and the  overwhelming majority through vaccination.   The big picture here is that this rule, which Republicans keep  attacking, is saving lives. OSHA estimates it will help protect 84  million workers and prevent thousands of deaths and over 250,000  hospitalizations from COVID-19, and yet here we are--Republicans  pushing to scrap it entirely, undermining the progress, and putting  America lives and livelihoods in danger.   This pandemic has done a lot of damage. It wrecked our economy. It  shut down our schools and our businesses. It forced people to postpone  weddings and graduations and funerals. It devastated our Nation's  mental health. It killed over three-quarters of a million people.   It is not over. We have come a long way. This pandemic sent  unemployment as high as 14.8 percent. Today, it is back down to 4.2  percent--the lowest it has been since the start of the pandemic.   Schools have reopened and brought students safely back to classrooms.  Businesses are hiring. People are getting vaccinated, getting back to  work, getting back to plans that have been put off by this pandemic,  and getting back to seeing their friends and families. But they do not  want to go backwards. The American people do not want to go backwards.  And that is exactly where the Republicans' misinformation on  commonsense policies like this will take us: backwards.   We know the path forward to finally end this involves getting  everyone vaccinated. We should all be working towards that goal, not  against it. Families are counting on us to lead our Nation through this  crisis, not back into it.   After all we have lost and all the hard work we have done to rebuild,  we must not throw our economy and our communities and Americans' lives  into jeopardy by sabotaging our pandemic response. When you are  fighting a fire, you don't stop in the middle of it and turn off the  water. That is exactly what this resolution will do.   It takes away one of the most important tools we have given OSHA to  protect workers, in the middle of a pandemic when we need it most, and  jeopardize all of the hard work Americans have done to get us out of  this.   So I am here tonight to urge my colleagues to vote no--no to more  lost lives, no to a longer pandemic, and to join me in defending a  commonsense tool that will help put this incredibly difficult chapter  of American life behind us.   I yield floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   