 Madam Speaker, the language of the equal  rights amendment is simple, but don't be deceived by its simple  language.   The reviving of the deadline and ratifying of this amendment would  destroy all distinctions between men and women, enshrine abortion, and  empower the woke feminist mob.   The equal rights amendment is dead and should remain dead. The States  and Congress missed the deadline to have the amendment passed in 1979.  The Trump Department of Justice issued a legal opinion in January that  the deadline for the ERA has already passed, by any legal measure.   The ERA would be a new constitutional right guaranteeing abortion on  demand. Have we not murdered enough people in the womb in this country,  over 62 million?   Guaranteeing abortion on demand is completely wrong. It is not a  constitutional right. As a matter of fact, the person in the womb  should have the constitutional right. It is not a ``my body, my  choice'' issue because the person in the womb is not the same body as  the woman.   Also, NARAL Pro-Choice America claims: ``With its ratification, the  ERA would reinforce the constitutional right to abortion.''   If anything, we should be guaranteeing a constitutional right to  people in the womb. They should have the constitutional right to life,  liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.   Let's carry on. VAWA, Violence Against Women Act. Democrats have  hijacked a program designed to help marginalized women and have turned  it into a political weapon that erases gender and destroys all  religious freedom.   On the wall right here, it says: In God We Trust. God states that He  created male and female, not a plethora of genders that anyone can  choose from.    They want to let men calling themselves women sleep with women in  domestic abuse shelters. The Democrats will not be satisfied until  every battered woman is endangered so long as their sexual orientation  and gender identity ideology advances.   That is not science. Science says that there are only two genders,  male and female, according to the chromosomes.   Make no mistake about it, Democrats want to destroy our country. They  want to close every church and nonprofit that doesn't capitulate to  their oppressive agenda. Democrats want to put domestic violence  abusers in the same room as their victims. Democrats want to dissolve  all sex-based protection for women and girls through the relentless  onslaught of gender identity.    Madam Speaker, the Violence Against Women  Act, this is something that should protect women.   Unfortunately, the Violence Against Women Act has expanded its  protection beyond women and girls into transgender or biological males  who are calling themselves women.   You see, Democrats know this is a bad policy and agenda. In order to  pass it, they have to hide behind real abused women.   The Violence Against Women Act incentivizes fraud in housing by  allowing people who have been evicted from government-funded housing  because of criminal activity to claim, after the fact, they are  domestic violence victims in order to keep their housing.   The Violence Against Women Act also allows prisoners to pick their  gender and be treated and assigned by their specific preference. This  isn't fair to women who are in prison. Biological men should not be  allowed to decide they are a woman and decide to tell people that they  are a woman so they can be put in a women's prison.   The Violence Against Women Act provides no exemptions for religious  organizations when they hire employees. That destroys religious  freedom.   Democrats also refuse to support amendments to help women receive  firearm safety training and self-defense courses to protect them  against their abusers.   Republicans have introduced amendments having to do with gun rights.  If you want to help protect women, make sure women are gun owners and  know how to use a gun properly in order to protect themselves. That is  the greatest defense for women.   Democrats want to use abused women to take away guns from everyone.  Unfortunately, gun rights groups know how to pay attention to Democrat  bills that affect Americans' gun rights.   Democrats want to completely dismantle housing contracts and leases  in order to justify their hypocritical ``believe all survivors''  agenda, except when it comes to Governor Cuomo.   Democrats want to create a Violence Against Women czar at the  Department of Housing and Urban Development. Now that they have  destroyed the family and housing law, they want to push a progressive  gender ideology through housing policy. That doesn't fit.   Make no mistake, Democrats want to create an authoritarian woke state  where neighbors, partners, citizens, and employers are afraid to do  anything in order to avoid the draconian policies imposed under the  guise of protecting women.   We already know of many high-profile men who abuse women. Why don't  we look in the mirror and take a hard look at the real abusers? I think  Governor Cuomo would be a good one to pay attention to, rather than  trying to criminalize every church in America for not following the  advice of the transgender coalition of gender dysphoria.    Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the 39  amendments packed into one little grouping called en bloc.   The reason why I am opposed is that while some of these amendments  are noble and worthwhile proposals on their own, they do not outweigh  the underlying problems of the legislation or some of the truly bad  amendments in this bloc.   These amendments include provisions that would further inject  identity politics into the Violence Against Women Act, which we have  heard over and over in this debate. There are studies about disparate  impacts and measures that unnecessarily differentiate how we treat  different groups of people.   This entire bloc of 39 amendments includes amendments that further  encroach on the affairs of State and local governments by creating new  grants and pilot programs and spending more of the American taxpayers'  hard-earned dollars.   One amendment in this bloc is designed to incentivize States to  legalize prostitution engaged in by minors to help sex trafficking  victims. How does this make any sense? It doesn't.   Of course, we all want to stop sex trafficking, but this proposal has  not been thought through and could have disastrous unintended  consequences. I am going to say disastrous consequences.   We need to return the Violence Against Women Act to its original  intent that Congress passed in an overwhelmingly bipartisan manner  almost 30 years ago.   H.R. 1620 will expand and alter the fundamental nature of the  Violence Against Women Act by imposing the trans agenda of putting  biological men in women's shelters and prisons. It does more to advance  the Democrats' progressive agenda than it does to protect women who  need protection.   Also concerning is the fact that this legislation did not undergo  committee consideration. One would ask: Why not?   There has been no committee hearing for this bill or these en bloc  amendments. Why not?   There has been no committee markup for this in Congress. Why not?   Rather than rushing to pass this bill, we should have taken the time  to truly examine the issues and determine what, if any, additional  resources, reviews, or studies are necessary.   We all stand in opposition to any violence against women.  Unfortunately, the government lockdowns during the COVID-19 pandemic  resulted in an increased amount of domestic violence, increased  depression, increased suicide, and increased suffering. We have an  urgent need to address violence against women--and we should at all  times--but not like this, by changing this so radically and including  biological men.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose these amendments and  the underlying bill, H.R. 1620.   