 Madam President, I rise to once again call for this  entire body to have the opportunity to consider and cast their votes on  the Military Justice Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act. This  commonsense reform would ensure that people in the military who have  been subjected to sexual assault and other serious crimes get the  justice they deserve.   I have been calling for a full vote on the floor on this bill since  May 24. That was 23 days ago. Since then, an estimated 1,288  servicemembers will have been raped or sexually assaulted. Two in three  of the survivors will not even report it because they know they are  more likely to face retaliation than to receive justice.   Today I want to share the story of the kind of offender our bill  would address.   On March 30 of this year, SSG Randall Hughes pled guilty to a series  of rapes dating back to 2006 that he committed while the Army looked  the other way. Staff Sergeant Hughes was only brought to justice after  his brave daughter decided to come forward. Had the Army prosecuted him  the first time one of his victims had come forward, his daughter may  have been spared.   At a Super Bowl party in 2017, Staff Sergeant Hughes fed drinks to  his host, a soldier under his care, until the host passed out. He then  approached his host's wife while she was outside the house. He  propositioned her for sex, and when she refused, he forced himself on  her against their grill outside their house and then dragged her inside  their house, where he raped her--all while the husband was passed out  in the next room.   The survivor hid in her bathroom until she could report the ordeal to  CID the next day. CID took a year to investigate a relatively  straightforward rape allegation. The command did nothing to expedite  the investigation or hold CID's feet to the fire.   CID determined that the allegations were credible, but the command  did nothing. Instead of prosecuting him, the command put Staff Sergeant  Hughes on the sergeant first class promotion list.   Hopeless, the survivor asked that something, anything, be done. The  command reacted by putting an administrative remark in his record.   Staff Sergeant Hughes was transferred to a new duty station, Fort  Dix. While at Fort Dix, after years of sexual abuse, his daughter  bravely came forward to report that abuse. CID at Fort Dix then noticed  the administrative remark in his record from the previous rape and  began making inquiries. They learned he had raped two other women and  physically abused his wife.   The command had every tool available to stop Staff Sergeant Hughes  from his serial rapes, including the abuse of his own daughter, but  instead they turned a blind eye and did nothing. Even after he admitted  to his crime and pled guilty, the Army offered a plea deal of 13 years  of confinement--13 years of confinement despite sexually assaulting  three women, including a minor. This serial offender avoided justice  for 15 years. Even when the command was forced to administer justice,  he received a sentence less than we would give a drug offender.   This case is why we need a professional military justice system  worthy of the sacrifices the men and women in our military make every  day. Having leadership at the top that truly cares and that is truly  passionate about prosecuting sexual abuse will have repercussions down  the chain. Our bill does exactly this.   We have 66 Senators who have cosponsored this bill. It deserves a  vote on the floor.  [[Page S4578]]    As if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that at a time  to be determined by the majority leader in consultation with the  Republican leader, the Senate Armed Services Committee be discharged  from further consideration of S. 1520 and the Senate proceed to its  consideration; that there be 2 hours of debate equally divided in the  usual form; and that upon the use or yielding back of that time, the  Senate vote on the bill with no intervening action or debate.    As you heard from the chairman of the committee, he  only intends on taking one crime out of the chain of command, and that  is sexual assault. And the reason why that is so problematic is, No. 1,  it will continue to undermine women in the military, marginalize them  and isolate them, creating a ``pink court'' that all legal experts have  agreed would be highly ineffective and would harm the military justice  system.   Second, our allies have already made this move. They have taken all  serious crimes out of the chain of command and given it to trained  military prosecutors in the UK, Israel, Germany, Netherlands, and  Australia. In those instances, they did it specifically for defendants'  rights. And we have a similar problem in this country because right now  we have a great deal of racial bias in who gets punished.   If you are Black or Brown in the U.S. military today, you are 2.5  times more likely to be punished. And most commanders are White  commanders. There is further data that shows most Black and Brown  servicemembers have either experienced or witnessed racism within the  ranks.   If we want to fix this criminal justice system, you need a bright  line, and it should be at all serious crimes. That is how we fix the  military justice system. That is how we give justice to sexual assault  survivors.   And for the chairman to say today that it would cost too much money  or that they don't have sufficient resources or sufficient lawyers, it  isn't true. And those are the same arguments that were used over the  last 8 years about excluding sexual assault from the chain of command  as well.   So I don't think these are legitimate arguments. I think they are  brought up year after year as just a way to put an impediment in front  of the reform that is needed to fix the system.   I now yield the floor to my colleague Senator Grassley.   