 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include  any extraneous materials on the subject of this Special Order.    Madam Speaker, I rise this evening for the Congressional  Black Caucus' Special Order hour, the CBC's Celebration of Life of  Congressman Alcee L. Hastings, and to echo: Our Power, Our Message.   The Special Order hour is generally regarded as a solemn moment and  gives the yCBC an opportunity to speak directly to the American people  and to reflect on ideas and policies critical to our constituents.   I can't think of a better way to share the life and legacy of our  friend and colleague. To his family, to Patricia, to his son, Alcee--or  ``Jody,'' as we called him--to his daughter, granddaughters, and all  watching, we say: Thank you for sharing Alcee with us.    Lastly, on behalf of the 56 members of the Congressional Black  Caucus, we say: Thank you, Alcee, for a job well done.   Because it is without a doubt I can tell you that Alcee left this  place, the people's House, better than he found it. All of us were  enriched by his dapper style, his keen intellect, and his larger-than- life presence. You never had to guess what Alcee thought or believed.  He made it clear, whether you liked it or not. But he was the same man  on the United States House floor; in the powerful Rules Committee; or  in greeting foreign dignitaries under the auspices of the Helsinki  Commission as he was on the streets of Florida, where he served his  constituents so well.   Madam Speaker, to all gathered here today, I say to our brother: You  will be sorely missed.   We will miss his smile. We will miss his wise counsel. And as I look  to my left, in that chair, where he sat faithfully, we salute and honor  him. Alcee did it his way.   Madam Speaker, it gives me great pleasure to yield tonight's anchor  of the Special Order hour paying tribute to a legend, to a friend, to a  colleague, to the gentlewoman from Texas, Congresswoman Sheila Jackson  Lee.   Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee got to know Congressman Alcee  Hastings in a very special way. Both scholars, both liking to debate,  both being very clear in their message, both members of the  Congressional Black Caucus. Oh, how great it was to watch Congresswoman  Sheila Jackson Lee and Congressman Alcee Hastings take on an issue and  mentor someone like me.   Madam Speaker, with great pleasure I turn the microphone over to  Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee, who will manage the rest of the hour,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   