 Madam President, reserving the right to object. We are  in the middle of a pandemic. Families are struggling, and we should be  doing everything we can to make it easier for them to get the care they  need from providers that they trust.   The title X program has been incredibly helpful to people seeking all  kinds of healthcare, from cancer screenings to STI screenings, to birth  control, and more. And before the Trump administration's gag rule  slashed the capacity of the title X network in half by cutting out  trusted healthcare providers, over 4 million patients a year turned to  title X-funded providers for their healthcare.   These patients are disproportionately young people, women who have  low incomes, and women of color. An overwhelming majority of them have  historically turned to providers like Planned Parenthood, which would  be permanently kicked out of the program by this bill.   We need to be tearing down barriers, like former President Trump's  title X gag rule, that are jeopardizing access to care for patients,  not reinforcing them. And we need to be focused on addressing the pain  of this pandemic and on taking steps to finally end it, not wasting  time with blatantly ideological bills that appeal to the far-right base  at the expense of our families.   While Republicans seem intent on keeping patients from getting the  healthcare they need, I am glad we finally have a President who is  listening to women and men across the country. He has made clear that  he wants healthcare to be a right, not a privilege, and he has already  directed his administration to review the damage of title X gag rules  that have been so harmful to so many people--an important step toward  rescinding the rule, as I continue to push for.   So I urge my Republican colleagues to stop these attacks on women's  healthcare and turn their attention to something families actually  want, which is serious action to end this pandemic.   I object.    Madam President, I rise today to discuss the urgent  challenge our Nation is facing and the urgent response that it  requires.   I am always willing to work across the aisle to look for common  ground and commonsense solutions. I think my colleagues know this and  my record shows it. I am going to keep talking to my Republican  colleagues in hopes that there are areas where we can find common  ground to help our workers and our families and get our arms around  this pandemic. But what we cannot do is allow the possibility of  further delay or weaken our response efforts.   With the resources in this resolution, we will be able to reinforce  our public health workforce, our community health centers, and our  supply chain, all of which are stretched incredibly thin.   We will be able to scale up testing and tracing and vaccination and  genomic sequencing and surveillance for new strains of virus and  address harmful health inequities that continue to make this crisis so  much more deadly for communities of color.   We will be able to provide needed support to our students, our  educators, our public schools, and those in higher education as they  grapple with this crisis and work towards safely reopening for in- person learning.   We will be able to provide to parents in need of quality, affordable  childcare and to a childcare sector staring down mass closures and  layoffs.   We need to help workers who are struggling today to make ends meet,  who are unemployed, and who are worried about their retirement being  thrown into jeopardy. We need to help families across the country who  are struggling today to make ends meet, by providing them with direct  financial assistance. We need to help States and Tribes and cities and  communities whose budgets have been stretched dangerously thin, by  providing needed funds.   I see no reason why pursuing this path has to be partisan. After all,  if Republicans can use budget reconciliation to give huge tax breaks to  the wealthiest corporations, surely they are willing to use it to give  relief to communities and families who are struggling in this economic  crisis. If they can try to use reconciliation to cause a healthcare  crisis by taking health coverage and healthcare protections away from  hundreds of millions of people, surely they can support this process,  using it to fight the healthcare crisis that has claimed over 440,000  lives in our country and counting. But if they do not, if they insist  that using this process to provide relief during a historic pandemic is  a partisan vote or that the amount of the relief is too much, I think  they are going to have a tough time explaining what and whom they stand  for.   Democrats have no problem going on the record as the party that  fought for people during the pandemic because, when your house is in  flames, you do not argue about how much of the fire to put out or how  much water to use or how many lives to save; you do whatever it takes  until the crisis is over and everyone is safe, and you do it as fast as  you can.   This crisis is not over. Everyone is not safe--not from this virus  and not from this economic crisis. There are 440,000 people who have  died. We are still averaging 140,000 new cases a day. New strains are  presenting new challenges. Underlying disparities are growing deeper,  and we are already seeing with vaccination rates that communities of  color are being left behind.   We do have to take action, and that is exactly what Democrats are  doing today.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   