 Mr. President, 8 months after President Biden asked  them to study Supreme Court reform, the Presidential Commission on the  Supreme Court of the United States has finally released its report.   I want to begin my comments by recalling the backstory behind this  group.   The President created this Commission to appease some Members of the  Democratic Party. These progressives want to pack the Supreme Court  with Justices who will put their agenda before the Constitution.   Not all Democrats belong to that group. I see the Court packers as  more of a radical fringe who can't stand the thought that the Court may  make decisions that they don't like.   But instead of lending this fringe element the legitimacy they hoped  for, the Commission's nearly 300-page report simply lays out the  arguments for and against Court packing, and then makes no  recommendation.   In fact, the lawyers, professors, and former judges the President  appointed were deeply divided on the issue of adding more Justices to  our Nation's highest Court.   Twenty-nine of the Commission's 34 members were liberals. But even  with this supermajority of left-leaning scholars, the Commissioners  still expressed their ``profound disagreement over whether Court  expansion at this moment in time would be wise.''   If you can believe it, many Democrats in Congress are fond of saying  that expanding the Supreme Court for political reasons is actually  unpacking it.   Representative Jerry Nadler, the Democrat from New York who chairs  the House Judiciary Committee, has claimed that unpacking the Court by  expanding it would ``restore balance'' and that Senate Democrats  ``should immediately move to expand the Supreme Court.''   I want to be as clear as I can about this. Adding Justices to the  Supreme Court of the United States simply because you don't like some  of the decisions they make--that is Court packing.    President Franklin Roosevelt explored this idea in the 1930s, after  the Supreme Court struck down key parts of the New Deal.   President Biden's Commission's own report called FDR's attempt to  pack the Court a ``needless, futile, and utterly dangerous abandonment  of constitutional principle.''   No President has been reckless enough or shortsighted enough to push  for it since FDR. President Biden said  [[Page S9178]]  he was not a fan of Court packing during his campaign, but then he  backtracked and said he was open to the idea.   Giving in to pressure from the far-left wing of his party, he created  this Commission instead, leaving the problem of taking a position on  this issue for another more politically convenient day.   As the Commission's report details, Court packing is often used as a  political weapon in authoritarian regimes, not in the United States of  America.   Take Venezuela, where Hugo Chavez cemented support for his socialist  policies by expanding the country's Supreme Tribunal of Justice from 20  members to 32 members back in 2004. Look at all the good that did for  what was once the wealthiest country in South America.   We need to leave this practice to dictatorships, where it belongs.  Republics, like the United States, simply don't engage in this kind of  behavior.   As the Commission's report says, stable democracies ``have retained a  strong commitment to judicial independence.'' Packing the Supreme Court  would take an ax to that tradition of judicial independence.   The United States is the greatest country on Earth because of our  respect for the rule of law, not in spite of it.   And in light of this report, a resolution I cosponsored earlier this  year that would fix the number of Supreme Court Justices at nine is  even more important, and I would like to thank Florida's senior Senator  for leading the way on this.   In the American system of separation of powers and checks and  balances, our role here in Congress is to make laws, not to interpret  them. That is the job of our courts, and their independence in doing  that job is absolutely vital.   As the Commissioners write in their report courts ``cannot serve as  effective checks on government officials if their personnel can be  altered by those same government officials.'' That is a bipartisan  group writing that--a bipartisan group where liberals outnumbered  conservatives nearly 6 to 1.   We cannot pack the Supreme Court. President Biden needs to put an end  to this dangerous idea once and for all.   I yield the floor.   