 Madam Speaker, first of all, I thank  Representative Leger Fernandez for managing this very important Special  Order hour. I want to tell her and you, Madam Speaker, that I have been  totally inspired by my colleague's comments thus far on the benefits of  the Build Back Better Act, on helping us to remember and to reimagine.   I remember Thanksgiving as well. I come from a big family, and there  are about 30 of us that get together. It didn't happen last year. But  because of this leadership out of this administration, the Democratic  Caucus in this House and in the Senate, we were able to deliver  resources so that people could get the things that they need to stay in  their homes and get vaccinated.   I, for one, am happy to say that my whole family is vaccinated, and  we also have the booster, so we are going to get together for this  Thanksgiving dinner. I am grateful to the visionary President, Joe  Biden, for this.   I am here tonight to speak about something that I am passionate  about. I want you to know, Madam Speaker, that I am rising today  because I feel that the way our country has treated working people has  just been unacceptable.   Billionaires pay a smaller share of their wealth in Federal taxes  than the middle-class and the working-class people who built this  country.   Our system is antithetical to our country's founding principles, and,  yes, it is broken. Our country has failed its  [[Page H6358]]  people, and we must do better. We can't do better, though, without  building back better.   Although the current bill does not include all that we had hoped it  would, it is still going to transform the lives of those who need it  most.   For example, it will give working parents the freedom to raise their  newborn children and make a living. That is why Build Back Better  extends the already extremely successful child tax credit expansion  Democrats first passed in the American Rescue Plan earlier this year.   It also incorporates my Healthy MOM Act to ensure new mothers have 12  months of postpartum healthcare coverage so they are supported when  they need it most.   It will also make an unprecedented investment in putting floors  beneath our feet and roofs above our heads. The Build Back Better Act  includes $65 billion for safer, more accessible public housing. It also  invests an additional $25 billion to construct and rehabilitate low- income family housing and another $9 billion for lead remediation to  safeguard our children's health.   This bill also puts us back on the right path to prepare against the  threat of climate change. It makes a historic $29 billion investment in  greenhouse gas reduction and $3 billion for climate justice block  grants. It will also ban new offshore oil and gas leasing along our  coasts to create a cleaner, brighter future where all of our children  can thrive.   Right now, the American Dream is just that, a dream, for far too many  people. Building back better is a crucial step toward making that dream  a reality.   Since our Nation's founding, working Americans have paid more than  their fair share. It is time we finally reward them.   Today's Build Back Better Act is not the bill we had in mind when the  President first announced his agenda, but we are still on the verge of  making the biggest investment in working American families in more than  half a century.   I am very proud of that. We all ought to be very proud of that. We  ought to be proud that we can work hard. We stood together; we fought  together; and together, we can make it happen.   