 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 409. I want to second what  my colleague, the gentleman from California, has said about the  importance of the CFTC Whistleblower Office and the Office of Customer  Education and Outreach, and, of course, the employees who work in those  offices.   These offices help the Commission meet its mission to promote  integrity, resilience, and vibrancy of the U.S. derivatives markets. I  am proud to support today's legislation to avoid unnecessary  disruptions to these activities and needless staff furloughs.   The work in these offices, particularly the Whistleblower Office,  helps to root out violations of the law which harm individuals and  undermine derivatives markets. Fraud and market manipulation can steal  customer funds, distort prices, disrupt orderly trading and settlement,  and sap confidence in the fairness of our markets. Whistleblowers are a  critical source of information which helps the Commission protect the  integrity of our commodity markets.   I also want to emphasize that today's legislation does not spend any  new money or create any new programs. Rather, it sets aside existing  funds to meet existing obligations. S. 409 ensures that funds to  support the functioning of the whistleblower and customer education  offices are temporarily prioritized over the funds to pay whistleblower  awards in order to keep the offices fully functional. In the end, both  obligations will be fully met as Congress intended.   As the ranking member of the Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit  Subcommittee, I feel a particular responsibility to make sure that the  CFTC has the best tools at its disposal to meet its mission.   As we move forward in the coming months, I am looking forward to  digging deeper into the work of the Commission and coming together to  craft a responsible CFTC reauthorization bill which makes permanent  improvements to the Whistleblower Office funding mechanism and meets  the needs of the 21st century financial regulator.   I want to take a moment to thank Chairman Scott and Ranking Member  Thompson for their willingness to involve the whole committee in this  legislative effort. As a new member of the committee, I appreciated the  opportunity to act as a body in support of this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I would like to say simply that I am  proud to support this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support  S. 409.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, since 1976, the Hyde Amendment has  protected American taxpayers from being complicit in the atrocity that  is abortion on demand. And since 1976, the Hyde Amendment has been  reauthorized on a bipartisan basis, signed into law by both Republican  and Democrat Presidents, and supported by most Americans, until now, as  President Biden's proposed budget eliminates it altogether.   Madam Speaker, we are treading in dangerous territory. Democrats have  completely abandoned millions of pro-life Americans just like me, who  vehemently oppose using taxpayer dollars to fund abortion. And even  worse, they have done it for no other reason than to appease their own  radical base.   President Biden said it best in 1994: ``Those of us who are opposed  to abortion should not be compelled to pay for them.'' And in 2006, he  said: ``Won't support public funding of abortion.''   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committees on Energy  and Commerce, Ways and Means, and the Judiciary be discharged from  further consideration of H.R. 18 and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   