 Mr. President, I rise this evening to discuss President  Biden's divisive and unprecedented vaccine mandate on private  businesses.   I would like to make one thing clear at the start: I have encouraged  Nebraskans to consider getting vaccinated since the day these vaccines  were approved, and I hope more Americans will join me in choosing to  get one, but that is their choice.   Through OSHA, the administration has issued an ``emergency rule'' to  require, roughly, 84 million employees of private companies to get  vaccinated or be subjected to weekly testing. If business owners fail  to enforce this rule for their employees, they could be fined tens of  thousands of dollars per violation.   The Biden administration is on entirely new ground here. There is  simply no precedent for this kind of intrusion into Americans' private  lives. Courts agree. The Fifth Circuit blocked the OSHA mandate almost  immediately, citing ``grave statutory and constitutional issues.''   We in Congress have the power to push back too. In October, I joined  nine of my Senate colleagues in sending a letter to President Biden  that outlined our concerns about this abuse of Federal power. Under the  Congressional Review Act, the House and Senate can vote to overturn  executive Agency actions like this OSHA mandate, and I hope the Senate  will do that when we vote on this later today. All 50 Senate  Republicans signed on to this challenge. If our resolution passes both  Chambers--and it looks like it may do that on a bipartisan basis-- President Biden will have to decide if he wants to keep defending this  deeply unpopular policy.   The administration's decision to force private employees to get  vaccinated is not just unprecedented; it is also counterproductive. It  would apply to nearly 300,000 workers in my State of Nebraska alone-- more than 28 percent of our entire workforce. Businesses across  Nebraska, from grocery chains to irrigation companies and family farms,  have reached out to me about the damage this mandate will do to their  companies. They come from very different industries, but their message  is the same: We support the vaccines, and we have taken this pandemic  seriously, but if the President goes through with this mandate, we  could lose many of our employees.   At a time when millions of jobs need to be filled and we are seeing  massive supply chain issues, Americans simply cannot afford this kind  of Federal overreach. We need to stop this mandate in its tracks here  in Congress because this could be the first step on the road to even  stricter rules.   Let's just look at New York City. It has recently announced one  vaccine requirement that will affect private employees and another that  will affect children as young as 5 years old. Bill de Blasio's parting  gift to New Yorkers is this: Get at least one shot by December 27, or  you are going to lose your job.   Starting later this month, kindergartners are going to have to show  vaccine cards to get into restaurants, movie theaters, and other public  places.   I do not want to see policies like this even come close to being  enacted at the Federal level, but I wouldn't put it past this President  to try. The Senate must pass this resolution and prevent these kinds of  mandates from being issued again in the future.   