 Madam President, I rise today for the 13th time to  call for every Senator to have the opportunity to vote on a  commonsense, bipartisan bill, the Military Justice Improvement and  Increasing Prevention Act.   This bill would ensure that members of our military would get the  justice and the justice system that their sacrifices deserve. We do not  have time to delay. I began calling for a floor vote on this bill on  May 24. That is 29 days ago. Since then, it is estimated that 1,624  servicemembers will have been raped or sexually assaulted. More will  have been victims of other serious crimes.   Many of them will feel that there is no point in even reporting the  crime because they have no faith in the current military justice  system. That is because right now, if a servicemember reports a crime,  the case and their fate will be put into a commander's hands.   This bill argues, instead, that our servicemembers who are victims of  serious crimes or who are accused of serious crimes should have those  cases reviewed by an impartial, trained, military prosecutor. It does  not say that commanders are removed from their responsibility with  regard to the military justice system. It doesn't say that commanders  are relieved of their responsibility of ensuring good order and  discipline. Under this bill, commanders will still have the full array  of tools to implement good order and discipline--counseling,  restriction, confinement, protective orders, rank reduction,  nonjudicial punishment, summary court-martial, and even special court- martial. None of these change under the law.   In addition, under today's system, only 3 percent of commanders have  the right to do convening authority for general court-martial. So the  truth is, it is a small number of commanders who will be even affected  by this legislation. But I can promise you, the view from the  servicemembers will be significant because they will now see that if  they are someone who has been assaulted or harassed or had any justice  need, that the person reviewing the case would be highly trained and  unbiased. And if you are a Black or Brown servicemember who is  disproportionately punished under the current system, you would know  that the decision maker was impartial, unbiased, and highly trained.  This change is something that will help both victims of sexual assault  and also defendants' rights.   For serious crimes, we need both pieces of this puzzle, and this bill  provides both. It will still allow commanders to take the  administrative steps to send a message to their troops about what is or  is not tolerated, and 97 percent of them have to do that  [[Page S4689]]  every day without having convening authority for general court-martial.  It will allow for victims and their families to get real justice.   The Military Justice Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act will  deliver the results that our servicemembers and their families deserve  without compromising command authority. That is what our allies have  said. The UK, Germany, Israel, Australia, the Netherlands, and Canada  have all testified to our body in various hearings and various  committees that they saw no diminution in command control and no  diminution in the ability to prepare and train troops.   The truth is that this is a reform whose time has come, and every  minute we delay, we are not standing by our servicemembers. It is a  change that has been supported by veterans groups across the country.  Whether it is the Iraq and Afghanistan association of veterans, whether  it is the Vietnam veterans association, whether it is the Foreign  Legion or the Veterans of Foreign Wars, military veterans support this  bill.   This is a change whose time has come, and I request that we have a  floor vote to decide this.   Sixty-six Senators on a bipartisan basis support this. The committee  has been addressing this issue for 8 years. We have already passed 250  smaller reforms, none of which has had a dent on the problem. It is  time to do the reform that survivors have asked for and that veterans  organizations support.   I ask unanimous consent that at a time to be determined by the  majority leader in consultation with the Republican leader, the Senate  Armed Services Committee be discharged from further consideration of S.  1520 and the Senate proceed to its consideration; that there be 2 hours  for debate equally divided in the usual form; and that upon the use or  yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the bill with no  intervening action or debate.    Madam President, I disagree with the chairman  because the service chiefs and commanders for the last 8 years have  objected to any serious reform. In fact, they have said time and again  ``Trust us. Trust us. We will get this right'' and have objected to any  major reform.   In fact, that is what they did anytime we tried to reform the  military--they objected on the same basis, using the same words, when  we tried to repeal don't ask, don't tell. They objected in the same way  when we tried to allow women to get credit for being in combat. They  objected in the same way when we integrated the military.   So to hear these objections over and over again after the committee  has studied this issue for 8 years and allowed 250 reforms to be put  into the NDAA--all of which were OK by the DOD--just flies in the face  of reality.   The military has demanded sole responsibility of these cases for the  8 years that I have worked on this issue, and have they dented the  problem? No. Sexual assaults were estimated at 20,000 by the military  last they counted. Has the rate of cases going to trial increased? No.  Has the rate of cases that have ended in conviction increased? No. So  under no measurable has the DOD got a handle on this.   For the chairman to say it has to go through the committee, this  issue has been going through the committee for 8 years. In fact, when I  passed bipartisan reform with people like Senator Joni Ernst on the  safe to report language, it was taken out in conference by the same DOD  staff who didn't want it in there in the first place.   So under the chairman's view, this bill could certainly go through  committee. We have more than half of the members. But I promise you, it  will be watered down or taken out in conference because the chairman  and the ranking member are against it, and they have the authority to  do so. So he is not offering a fair process.   The fact that this bill has 66 cosponsors--how many bills in America,  in this body, have the support of Ted Cruz and Liz Warren, of Mitch  McConnell and Senator Schumer? None. This is the kind of bipartisan  bill that this country is yearning for, the kind of commonsense reform  that can protect servicemembers.   While the chairman is so interested in supporting what the generals  and the admirals and the top commanders want, why does he not listen to  the servicemembers themselves, to the people who have suffered sexual  assault, to the people who have suffered racial bias in prosecution?  Those are the people he should be listening to, not the top brass.   We have deferred to them the entire 10 years I have been on this  committee, and in the entire 10 years, our committee has failed. It is  time to bring this bill to the floor.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   