 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for  yielding. It is an honor to be selected for the committee, and I look  forward to working with all the members, including Ranking Member  Steil, on this very important issue.   Madam Speaker, I am honored to be selected to serve on the Select  Committee on Economic Disparity, and I look forward to working with all  of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to dive deep into the  issues at hand and to try to find areas where we can work together to  craft bipartisan solutions.   In contrast to my friend and colleague from California, I was born  the daughter of an immigrant. My father came to the United States with  no money in pursuit of the American Dream. He went to college,  graduated, started his own business, and, today, is a very successful  businessman.   I look forward to discussing in this committee the ways that we can  foster the American Dream with American citizens across this country.  The mission of the select committee is certainly worthy of  consideration. The question of why some of our fellow Americans are  being left behind in the economy demands our time and attention.   One of the most worrying economic statistics of the past year and a  half is  [[Page H5866]]  that the U.S. labor force participation rate is the lowest it has been  since 1977, nearly 45 years ago. Millions of fewer Americans are  employed or actively seeking work compared to just 2 years ago, and  that has created a wide-ranging challenge for American families and for  our economy.   ``Help Wanted'' signs, as was mentioned earlier, have become  ubiquitous across the Nation as stores, restaurants, manufacturers, and  others struggle to find employees to continue operations. It is vital  that we find the root causes and craft the appropriate solutions.   To that end, here are a few areas I think the select committee should  focus its time and its energy on.   First, we should begin to review and unwind Federal policies that  have disincentivized participation in the labor force, many of which  were created at the end of the COVID-19 pandemic.   Second, we should refocus and strengthen our Nation's education and  workforce development programs. It is clear that our Nation's education  system leaves many Americans behind, saddles students with large  amounts of debt, and often promotes pricey degree programs with very  poor job prospects.   I believe we need to do a better job of matching workforce  development programs to the actual needs of employers. Aligning job  training curriculum to meet the demands of employers who need skilled  workers would almost guarantee jobs for those who complete a program.   Third, we need to reform our Nation's criminal justice system and  reinvigorate efforts to rehabilitate the nearly 95 percent of prisoners  who will eventually be released from prison. Sadly, all too often, we  hear of individuals released with just the clothes on their back and a  one-way bus ticket. This level of support doesn't set up individuals  for success.   I am proud, earlier this year, the State of Oklahoma stood up a  program to begin preparing inmates 9 months before their release with  workforce training and assistance to obtain documentation needed to get  a job, transportation, and housing. Improving programs to transition  the formerly incarcerated back to society is worth our consideration  and can save taxpayers in the long run.   Finally, I would be remiss if I didn't note the importance of  regulatory relief and tax reform as key components to all of this. As  someone who worked in the private sector for many years, including  running my own firm and working for a family company, I can say with  certainty that tax policy and government regulation have tremendous  impacts on the decisions of businesses to hire, expand, and make  investments.   In closing, I would again like to express my appreciation for being  on the committee and look forward to working with my colleagues to dig  deeper.   Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Himes and Ranking Member Steil for  organizing this Special Order this evening.   