 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Madam President, I can say with confidence to the senior  Senator from Kentucky, who spoke this morning on childcare, that as a  former preschool teacher, we can rest assured that we are not at risk  of a toddler takeover in the U.S. Senate.   But seriously, I have never heard so much misinformation in such a  short time from one person. It is not at all clear to me that the  senior Senator from Kentucky read the bill--the Build Back Better bill.   So I want to set some facts straight. Under our bill, working parents  will have way more options and pay way less to send their child to a  high-quality childcare provider they choose. It is the same with pre-K.  Parents of 3- and 4-year-olds will have more options to send their kids  to quality preschool for free. We are talking about parents saving  thousands of dollars a year on childcare and pre-K, which are huge  financial burdens to families right now.   It is also, by the way, a great deal for our States who, by the way,  are already working with the Federal Government on childcare, and 44  States already have some form of publicly funded pre-K. So this plan is  not some new outlandish idea. And, finally, religious providers and  family-based providers are absolutely eligible.   So this isn't a radical plan. It is a practical solution to, again, a  huge financial barrier that parents are facing today. It is not a  toddler takeover. It is giving parents more choices and more  affordability. Though I would actually prefer toddlers on the Senate  floor to what I saw today.   And it is not far-left propaganda because I can't emphasize this  enough: This is not a political question for parents. To them, the  question is, Can I choose the provider I actually like or do I have to  go to this cheaper one just because I can't afford the one I really  want to send my kids to; or is it worth me going back to work if I have  to pay as much for rent or mortgage or college tuition as I do to send  my child to a provider that I trust; or how long am I going to be on  this wait list, and what do I do in the meantime?   What Democrats want to do is make sure there are more affordable  options out there for parents. What Senate Republicans want to do is  nothing but watch the prices keep rising.   And here is the thing. I have seen again and again, when someone says  you can't do something, it is because they are afraid that you will. It  is because they are afraid that we will. Senate Republicans are shaking  in their boots because we are really doing something that helps working  parents with a big part of their costs.  [[Page S8956]]    So I am sure they are going to keep calling affordable childcare  ``radical'' and insisting that it would be better to do just nothing,  and I am equally sure that Democrats are going to get this done.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   