 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, this week the House is considering radical legislation  that would unravel fundamental human rights and obliterate pro-life  laws that are across our Nation.   The Democrats' effort to advance this abortion on demand piece of  legislation across the Nation could be considered the most  consequential legislation of my lifetime.   Much has changed since the Supreme Court decided Roe v. Wade in 1973.  Four  [[Page H5082]]  decades later our medical capabilities and understanding is far better.  And with incredible advancements in modern sonograms and imaging, there  can be no doubt that a child in a womb is a living person deserving of  life.   And yet in this moment we are about to embark on one of the biggest  setbacks in our Nation's history.   Right now, this very moment as it ticks by, lives are on the line as  every second goes by.   Some of this bill's supporters like to call pro-life Americans and  our convictions extreme. Let me tell you in this House about extreme. I  have seen extreme, and I am going to tell you about extreme.   At home in South Bend, Indiana, I saw an extreme abortionist. I saw  what an extreme abortionist can do in one decade in several States that  happened to be on the abortion train.   It is sickening beyond words what Dr. Ulrich ``George'' Klopfer did  as he provided abortions in Indiana for decades. When he died in 2019,  his family found the medically preserved remains of 2,411 children in  formaldehyde bottles lining the walls in his garage. That is nearly  2,500 human beings.   Law enforcement officials believe that the remains were gathered from  his so-called medical practices in Indiana between 2000 and 2003. Dr.  Klopfer had countless victims, both unborn babies and mothers, and he  represents a grotesque violation of human dignity.   This American society should not and cannot tolerate that. That is  extreme.   The abortionist revealed a callous disregard for life. If that isn't  extreme, ladies and gentlemen, I don't know what is.   Human life is precious, and every human life, every person deserves  that dignity that we are fighting for tonight. We have an obligation to  the next generation to oppose this extreme anti-life effort and to  uphold the sanctity of life in this Nation.   I am proud to join with millions of pro-life Americans to oppose  abortion on demand and to defend the right to life. Science is on our  side. More importantly, ladies and gentlemen, the truth is on our side.  Our enduring commitment to life will prevail.   