 Madam President, over the past few weeks, my  Republican colleagues and I have spent quite a bit of time making sure  the American people know just how little of President Biden's 2-plus  trillion dollar infrastructure plan will fund actual infrastructure  plans to fix roads and bridges that are so in need of repair.   These are things that the Tennesseans have repeatedly told me they  want to see in a bill: Fix the roads. Fix the bridges.   What do they want to be taken out of that bill? They want to get rid  of some of these provisions that have nothing to do with  infrastructure--nothing.   So imagine their disappointment--people who are ready for a highway  bill, who are ready for a transportation bill, who are ready for an  infrastructure bill--imagine their disappointment when they discovered  that all the funding that they had hoped was going to go to potholes  and expanding lanes on the interstate and fixing flooded back roads  would instead be spent on electric cars, union advocates, and climate  change ambassadors.   I know pothole repair isn't flashy, but it is what Tennesseans need.  An electric car does not do you one bit of good when you are going to  have to have a four-by-four to go pull it out of the mud every single  time it rains.   We are pretty practical people, and my wish would be that my  colleagues across the aisle would join us in reviewing the needs of the  American people--the needs of the American people--and in being  practical.   The lack of practicality has been a recurring problem in the months  since President Biden took office. It seems that the Democrats here in  Washington, DC, can't resist the urge to throw money at social-media  friendly causes that not even the most talented communicators have been  able to tie to the pressing needs of the American people. They did it  with COVID relief, and now they are doing it with this infrastructure  boondoggle.   The wish list just doesn't match the PR campaign, and that is a shame  because this country has its own wish list of urgently needed items  that we really can no longer afford to ignore.   Just a few weeks ago, I took my own trip down to the southern border  to get a sense of the situation on the ground, and it is a dire  situation. We are facing an environmental crisis, a national security  crisis, and a humanitarian crisis that is massive in scope. If we want  to talk about infrastructure projects that matter, let's talk about all  the infrastructure that President Biden abandoned back in January when  he halted construction on the wall.   To paraphrase a famous saying, a 450-mile-long stretch of border wall  serves the purpose right up until you hit mile 451, and here you can  see that is the situation that ranchers and law enforcement officials  in southern Arizona are dealing with. The construction just stopped.   President Biden's proclamation ordered contractors to stop work and  abandon their progress--immediate, stop. So they walked away because  they had to.   What did they leave? They left behind an unfinished wall, piles of  supplies, and roads and other infrastructure built to support  construction crews. Everything is sitting there--sitting there at the  border. The equipment, the border wall--it is all there wasting away-- tax dollars right there.   All of that is now vulnerable to exploitation by the cartels and the  traffickers because it is sitting there on the border. This is an  absolute shame--an absolute shame. And what we know is that the cartels  and the traffickers--whether they are drug traffickers or sex  traffickers, or whether they are moving gangs--they are taking full  advantage of this situation.   I got the chance to see where the coyotes and the drug smugglers are  coming across, now that there is no activity on the border to deter  them from using access points built into the wall for their own  purposes.   In Cochise County alone, officials have seen a 200-percent increase  in migrants this year--200 percent.   The holes in the wall have turned into walking paths for the Sinaloa  cartel's drug runners. Law enforcement officials have set up an  extensive network of cameras, but there are only so many leads that  they can chase when the Border Patrol agents, who should be supporting  these efforts, are busy implementing useless--useless and detrimental-- catch-and-release programs.   And see, you see where there is a gap in the wall. Why do you have  these gaps? Because the doors that were to go into these gaps are  sitting, not in place. Why do you have these gaps? You have them  because the wall components are there in the dirt.   But what did President Biden say? As of today, no more. No more. Stop  immediately. Halt. Do not build this wall.   And what is it that our Border Patrol tell us that they need? They  need a wall, they need more technology, and they need more agents and  officers on the ground. This has been their request for years--for  years.   On private property along the border, you can see where migrants have  ditched their old clothes in exchange for actual uniforms that identify  them to a cartel because they are given them by the cartel. It is their  cartel-issued clothing, much like a work uniform.   There are piles of discarded backpacks, water bottles, and medicine  at regular intervals. There is no telling  [[Page S2008]]  if the people who abandoned these items made it out alive, because we  know many do not make it out alive.   Many of them are left to die in the desert by their handlers, the  coyotes, and the cartels. It is vital to note that you do not cross  that border unless you are working with the cartel, which means you  have paid the cartel a fee to come across that border or you have  agreed to go into modern-day slavery and work out your fee. Whether it  is with a labor gang, an MS-13 gang, sex trafficking gang, you have to  work that fee out once you come across.   Now the ranchers who own these long stretches of property have seen  evidence of this evil disregard for human life. They will tell you  their lands are no longer safe, they do not feel free, and they are  constantly on their guard for the safety of themselves and their  property.   I understand that immigration enforcement is controversial--so much  so that during his campaign, President Biden promised to avoid the  issue entirely by halting construction of the border wall forever. But  we are living in the real world now, and in the real world, the globe's  most powerful and free Republic is being taken advantage of by the  West's most terrifying drug lords and human rights abusers, and the  Biden administration is letting it happen. Congressional Democrats are  letting it happen. Even though they don't want to admit it, it is  happening. Look at the reports. Look at the footage. Talk to Customs  and Border Patrol, and talk to the sheriffs in these counties.   So I say to my Democratic colleagues: Do something. Do something.  Work with us to find common ground and get this situation under control  before it is too late. And realize that every town is a border town and  every State is a border State until that border is secure.   If you care about human rights, if you care about infrastructure,  please care about this issue--care about this issue--the environmental  crisis, the humanitarian crisis, and the national security crisis.   You can spend the next 4 years sitting on your hands and blaming  President Trump or Leader McConnell or me or any of my Republican  colleagues and blame us and say: Well, there is death. There is  destruction. There are drugs. And all of that is happening along this  border. But that is the thing about winning elections--they do have  consequences. And the consequence that is facing our Democratic  colleagues right now is leading and leading on this issue. You own this  crisis. You own this crisis. It is from President Biden's failed  immigration and border strategy. If you fail to act, you will forever  own the tragedy--the absolute tragedy that is unfolding along our  southern border.   I yield the floor.   