 Madam President, I tell you, I am going to follow  right along with the comments that my colleague from Texas has made,  because, in Tennessee, whether someone is a Republican or a Libertarian  or an Independent or a Democrat, they have  [[Page S119]]  very high expectations of what this Congress is going to be able to  accomplish, and they also have high expectations for this  administration. What they are doing is looking there, and they are  saying: Politics and politicians are not what this is all about. They  don't necessarily matter. Policies matter.   And, as my colleague is saying, maintaining the filibuster rule in  the Senate allows robust, respectful debate so that we arrive at a  sense of compromise and we do what is best for the American people.   Today, I was talking with one of our Tennesseans, and they were  talking about that it doesn't matter what is being said on social  media--on Twitter or Facebook or Parler or any of the social media  platforms--that when you strip it all away, good policy is good policy,  and that is what matters. Good policy is good policy. It is good for  the people, and that is where the emphasis should be.   So when I say they have high expectations, I don't only mean that  they want good policies; they want this to focus on them. They want it  to focus on their concerns, their communities, their schools, their  right to feel secure, their right to enjoy free speech, their right to  pursue their happiness, their American dream, and their right to  celebrate and protect life. It is about them, not politicians, not  politics. It is about the American people.   From their perspective, we can spend hours debating the budget or  immigration reform or data privacy--which I will talk more about later  this week--as long as at the end of the day, whatever compromise we  reach not only meets their needs but recognizes that the people are the  most important part of this entire equation--the people.   Every Member of this body understands that when the balance of power  shifts, sometimes that means that the guy across the aisle is going to  get the upper hand. Things change, but it would be a mistake for my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle to assume that that means we  are willing to set our priorities and our principles aside.   It doesn't mean that we are going to submit to their agenda. It  doesn't mean we are going to conform to their agenda. It means we are  going to stay true to our principles, represent our States, and work-- work diligently--for what is going to be best for the people.   We may have had a changing of the guard here in Washington, but it  doesn't mean that any of us has set aside the promises that we have  made to the people we represent, and that is why I came out so strongly  against the Biden administration and the President's Executive order  that really crushed the jobs and the potential for energy security that  came with the building of the Keystone XL pipeline.   This was a project that had achieved bipartisan support, and what are  we seeing now? Lost jobs, lost livelihoods, more money being taken out  of the taxpayers' pocket.   For similar reasons, I came out in opposition to rejoining the Paris  climate accords and reversing our course on the departure from the  World Health Organization.   For me, this is isn't about politics. It is about the policies this  new administration has decided to unilaterally say yes to--without  consulting Congress, without including the people in the discussion.   And just so we are all aware, President Biden said yes to more  unilateral policy changes on day one than any President in our Nation's  history--more than any President in our Nation's history.   The Biden administration looked at those new policies and decided  that the result--achieving that outcome--was worth whatever it would  cost the American people to get it.   So over the next few weeks, we will also be examining the President's  Cabinet picks to get a sense of the tradeoff they will be willing to  make.   Safety is at the forefront of everyone's mind back home in  Tennessee--not just safety from COVID but from the bad actors and the  foreign adversaries who continue to show us just how far they are  willing to go to undermine us on the world stage. Back in Tennessee, we  have a saying: When somebody shows you who they really are, you better  believe them.   And I will tell you that they are paying attention, and I will tell  you that they are not very impressed right now with some of the so- called soft talk that they are hearing on proposed policies toward Iran  and the communist regime in China.   This is why I chose not to support the confirmation of our new  Director of National Intelligence, Avril Haines. I also had some pretty  tough questions to ask Secretary of State Nominee Blinken about some of  these same issues dealing with Iran, dealing with China. Many of the  proposals that I am hearing from them have sounded strangely familiar  from years gone by.    We don't have to look overseas to find some very real policy  differences between what Tennesseans have said they expect and what the  Biden administration is signaling that they want to deliver.   In his hearing before the Commerce Committee, Transportation  Secretary Nominee Pete Buttigieg signaled to the panel that he would  put the administration's environmental goals ahead of some very basic  changes to Federal policy that would lighten the regulatory load on the  county and city mayors trying to get their transportation projects off  the ground.   As I told him, many times the regulations at issue don't just slow  the projects down, they kill the project and that town's prospects for  growth, for a better life, for people in the community. Hopefully, he  is going to keep in mind what it means to these mayors the next time he  is asked to consider the benefits of removing unnecessary redtape.   These tradeoffs many times are just too destructive to say yes to. I  would encourage all of my colleagues to look at the compromises the  President is asking each and every one to make, not just in terms of  what we stand to gain but what is going to be the cost.   What is the monetary cost?   What is the cost of freedom?   What is the opportunity cost that will be delivered to the American  people in order for the administration to have their way, to get their  income? That is the question we should each ask: What is the cost to  the American people in order to protect them, in order to meet the  expectations that they have? We should be listening to the people.  These policies are about them.   I yield the floor.   