 Madam President, I rise today to take a step back really  and evaluate the real-life impacts of President Biden's policies. As  every incoming administration does, promises were made to the American  people. That is not surprising. But one of President Biden's first  promises was to unite the American people. But as we have seen too  often here, he has chosen a path that follows the lead of the  Democratic leadership of the House and Senate, which is really a  solitary path instead of a path of unity.   So it is fair to ask: Has that agenda resulted in a better life for  working families? Has it made us more prosperous, more secure? Has it  made us safer?   Well, let's take a look. We can start with what is top of mind for  all of our folks across the country, and that is the rising price of  everyday goods and services. Every day, men and women go to work, take  the kids to school, expecting the predictability that filling up their  car will cost a certain amount or that trip to the grocery store will  be in the same range. And what do they find? Well, thanks to inflation,  fueled in part by excessive government spending to the tune of  trillions of dollars--and I am afraid we haven't seen the end of it-- Americans are paying higher prices for many of the things they just  can't do without. Over the past year, consumer prices have risen 5.4  percent, the largest 1-year jump in 13 years.   So if you are saving up to buy a new or used car or truck, keep  saving because it costs more under President Biden. Headed out to the  grocery store? Prepare to see larger numbers at the bottom of your  receipt, thanks to President Biden. Making monthly rent payments? If it  seems higher than last year, that is because it is. The national median  rent went up 17 percent since President Biden took office. Well, those  numbers don't lie. People see them every day and they are in their bank  accounts and in their checkbooks and in the strain of trying to make  those things work. These are the real-life consequences of misguided  economic policies from the left. Unfortunately, for working-class  Americans, it means the only thing we have built back better is the  return to soaring inflation and economic misery that many of us  remember from the Jimmy Carter years.   Those years also remind us of another problem facing every family, as  I mentioned before. That is the rising cost of gas. Digits on the gas  pump--they tick up faster and faster every time you fill up, and it  isn't because our tanks have gotten bigger, that is for sure. In West  Virginia, the average cost of gas compared to this time last year is  more than $1 per gallon. So not only are those trips to the grocery  store more expensive, it costs more to get to the grocery store. The  White House has insisted that they are working on it, and on behalf of  everyone in my State who drives to work, drops their kids off at  school, and hops in the car to visit their families, I sure hope they  are.   At the same time, it is important to note that on President Biden's  first  [[Page S7119]]  day of office, he told us all we needed to know about his energy policy  and that would be: America last. One of his first acts as President was  to cancel the Keystone XL Pipeline, costing thousands of American  jobs--union jobs--claiming that it had to be done to combat climate  change. Compare that to just a few months later, when President Biden  lifted sanctions--yes, he lifted the sanctions--on a Russian gas  pipeline, allowing the Nord Stream II project to continue, further  empowering Vladimir Putin and threatening the national security of  America and our allies in Europe.   These are just a few of the backward moves by this White House that  have left us really scratching our heads. And it has only been  compounded by Executive action and regulations aimed at stifling the  production of energy here in this country. We remember the effects--I  certainly do in West Virginia--the effects of this playbook as it  originally was created during the Obama years. So it is just a shame  that this administration doesn't remember that.   Again, all of this is hitting the consumer--American consumer--hard  right as we are approaching our winter months. It is expected that  households will see their home heating bills rise 54 percent compared  to last winter. And for homes that use natural gas for heat, which I do  in my home and I would highly recommend it, they will pay about 30  percent more than they did last year. Families are having to cut back  basic necessities just to heat their homes and make ends meet.   Another pledge President Biden made was to build a fair and humane  immigration system. He gutted many of the deterrent policies that  effectively kept illegal immigration numbers down, such as eliminating  the effective ``Remain in Mexico'' policy; stopping construction of the  border wall; and signaling to the whole hemisphere that if you make it  to the U.S.-Mexican border, you will be allowed in.   This was reported today, and this has resulted in the highest numbers  for a fiscal year that have ever been recorded of border arrests--1.7  million border arrests--the most ever on record. And again, these  policies were all done in the name of creating a moral and humane  system.   Well, let me tell you, the Senator from Missouri and I took a visit  to the border just over the last year, and there was nothing humane  about the conditions we saw with overcrowded migrant children  facilities in Texas. There was nothing humane about the Haitian  immigrants living under a bridge in Del Rio. There is nothing humane  about women giving birth, and I believe at last count it was 11  children were born in those conditions. This all happened because they  made that dangerous journey to the border believing that if they made  it, they would be welcomed in. Well, guess what. They were right  because about 12,000 of the Haitian refugees that were under that  bridge are in this country right now.   I will take it a step further. There is nothing humane about fueling  the disease of addiction millions of Americans battle as deadly drugs  flow across our porous border and make their way into our communities.  Not addressing an overdose crisis that took 93,000 sons, daughters,  mothers, and fathers last year is not humane. You would say: How is  this happening? The Border Patrol has got to focus on the human element  while more and more drugs can pass through.   As someone representing a State hit hardest by the drug epidemic, I  am pleading with President Biden and Vice President Harris or whoever  is in charge of resolving the self-created border crisis to please do  something different--or at least do something.   So this is what the first year of Biden's America looks like: failed  policies, broken promises. Americans were promised prosperity, and we  have gotten a sampling of socialism. We were promised a secure nation;  instead, our borders are open and a humanitarian crisis rages on our  southern border. We were promised a repaired reputation on the world  stage, and instead we have led from behind and abandoned our own people  abroad in Afghanistan. We were promised unity, and instead we heard  divisive rhetoric that demonizes half of our country.   The better version of America President Biden was selling, as some of  us had feared, was just too good to be true.   I yield the floor.   