 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I celebrate this Women's History Month by reflecting  on the achievement of so many women who have blazed a trail for the  generations that followed them; women who didn't listen when they were  told that they couldn't, they shouldn't, or that they didn't belong.   American women have fought for the right to vote, the right to equal  education, the right to reproductive healthcare, and the right to  financially provide for our families and be compensated the same as  men. And we will continue these fights until our Constitution declares  that women are equal in the eyes of the law.   It is time for full constitutional equality. The American people  overwhelmingly support this bipartisan legislation. I am proud to vote  for it again today in honor of the generations of women that have made  strides toward equality. I know that we will soon achieve it.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), our esteemed leader of the House.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York  (Mr. Nadler) to control the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, unfortunately, when we talk about violence against  women, we are often talking about domestic violence. Domestic violence  claims the lives of far too many women, and it is especially deadly  when it occurs in a household with a gun.   In the United States, there are 1 million women alive today who have  reported being shot or shot at by their intimate partners, and there  are many more who have been threatened or killed with a gun.   Closing the boyfriend loophole is a critical step to prevent abusers  from obtaining a weapon, a weapon that will likely be used to escalate  their abuse and a weapon that may have deadly consequences.   With this bill, we can truly help prevent abuse, protect our  families, and keep every American safer.     Mr. Speaker, I want to first and foremost give a great  sense of thanks and debt of gratitude to my colleague, Brenda Lawrence,  for bringing this Special Order hour today, as we are really  celebrating womanhood. That is truly what we are doing tonight.   Mr. Speaker, this month we celebrate the amazing and just absolutely  inspirational women that are all around us. As it has been said over  and over again, you know, so many amazing women reside right here in  this body, and I have to personally say, I have never met in my  lifetime a greater number of courageous and intelligent and just  amazing women that are so committed to democracy and protecting their  constituents and their communities, and I feel very humbled and honored  to actually get to serve with each and every one of them.   Whether it be a mother or a scientist, a Congresswoman or the Vice  President of the United States, we are eternally thankful for the work  that women do to help us thrive here at home and across the globe.   This week I had the opportunity to speak with four amazing women who  are fighting for change in my community in Georgia's Sixth  Congressional District.   Cobb County Chairwoman Lisa Cupid has become the first African  American and first woman to serve in her position on the Board of  Commissioners.   Aixa Pascual has dedicated her career to engage and advocate for  Georgia's Latino population.   And after 15 years of teaching, Charisse Davis joined the Cobb County  School Board to implement ideas that she learned from her experience as  an educator.   Dr. Colleen Kelley, a physician at Emory University School of  Medicine, has worked on the Moderna vaccine trial at Grady Hospital.   I truly want to thank these incredible women for all of the amazing  work that they have done in our community, because it not only serves  my community, my district, Georgia, but also the rest of the Nation.   I wish everyone a truly happy, happy Women's History Month. But I  have to honestly say, as I am sitting here today listening to all of my  colleagues talk about the amazing women that we know and amazing women  who have done so much work throughout the course of history, I would be  remiss if I did not mention my own mother, Wilma Cecelia Holman. I owe  her such a great debt of gratitude because she was one of the very  first women, Black women in Illinois to receive a master's in nursing  and to actually teach nursing. So I know that everything that I am, all  of my courage, my strength, my imagination, my creativity, my drive,  and my willingness to put my boots on and get down in the dirt, in the  trenches for the people that I love and care for in my community comes  from her.    