 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Arizona for  yielding, and I am proud to support her amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1, the so-called For  the People Act a/k/a the for the politicians act. Supporters of this  bill claim that it is the fix needed for the problems within our  Nation's electoral system, but in reality this bill is a power grab  that will blur the lines between official and campaign resources and  leave taxpayers footing the bill.   It is shameful that this body is even considering this legislation  that forces hardworking Americans amid an unprecedented crisis to give  politicians money. H.R. 1 would funnel millions of taxpayer dollars  into the campaign accounts of politicians through voucher and funding  match programs. This bill will allow 16-year-olds to vote, give $25  vouchers to individuals to donate to the candidate of their choice,  redefines free speech, triggers universal mail-in ballots, creates an  election czar, strips voter ID requirements, and so much more.   This bill jeopardizes the future of Americans' freedom of speech with  new requirements for public disclosure of support of political  campaigns and candidates.   Mr. Speaker, we cannot claim to be protecting the rights and freedoms  enshrined in our Constitution when this, the For the People Act--more  aptly named the for the politicians act--is under consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in strong opposition  to the efforts by you and your colleagues to defund our police.   This week we will be voting on H.R. 1280, the George Floyd Justice in  Policing Act. This bill is named after a man who was murdered by a  police officer. The officer responsible should have never been allowed  to don a badge and act on behalf of the agency sworn to protect its  citizens. He should and is being held accountable.   Now, as a member of a first responder family, I can say definitively  on behalf of our officers that there is absolutely nothing, nothing  that a good cop hates more than a bad cop. And as the wife of a first  responder, this issue could not be more personal to me.   Mr. Speaker, my husband serves our local community as a firefighter  and a SWAT medic for our local sheriff's department. And next to me  here today, you see one of his SWAT vests.   This is the same vest that he wore for 14 hours while on a massive  manhunt for a man who had just been released from prison, who promptly  raped and killed his girlfriend.   It is the same vest that he wore while responding to a man who had  barricaded himself with weapons, threatening to kill his own children.   These are just some of the scenes that this vest and my husband have  seen, like so many of our LEOs. But the real threat here is not the  dangerous situations that my husband has seen in protecting his  community, it is the fact that this bill--and by extension, you, Mr.  Speaker--want to take this vest off my husband's back because, yes,  what this bill does is take this kind of equipment off the backs of our  men and women in uniform.   Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues who are considering voting  for this bill:   Are you waking up at 2 a.m. to respond to a gruesome murder?   Are you missing your children's birthday parties to respond to gang  shootings?   There is absolutely room for us to improve. There is absolutely room  and a necessity for us to do better. But the answer is not to defund  the police. It is not the answer. What this bill ultimately does is  defund the police.   You want a better trained, more responsive police force in your  hometown? Fully fund the police. You say this is a reform bill, and I  say that is BS.   Mr. Speaker, your own conference members have been advocating for the  defunding of our local police officers, calling them names that I  cannot and will not repeat here today. In fact, many of your members  have made it a top priority of their platforms.   