 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding me  time.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question so  we can take up H.R. 471, the PAUSE Act, which was introduced by my  colleague and friend, Representative Yvette Herrell. As a physician and  former Director of Public Health for the State of Iowa, I am proud to  cosponsor this legislation, and I believe we must bring this to the  floor today.   This legislation would prohibit the Federal Government from ceasing  or lessening the implementation of COVID-19 border health provisions  until the COVID-19 public health emergency is no longer in effect, both  at the Federal level and all 50 States.   At the start of the pandemic last year, through the Centers for  Disease Control, President Trump implemented Title 42 border health  restrictions. These commonsense restrictions ensure that people  crossing our northern and southern border do not present a public  health risk to our country. President Biden, to his credit, had left  some of these restrictions in place as our country works to eradicate  the COVID-19 pandemic, until now.   Now, the Biden administration is considering eliminating Title 42  border health restrictions and allowing individuals who pose a health  risk to enter into our country.   This comes in the same week where the President is considering  requiring Federal employees to be vaccinated because of the delta  variant, and this comes a day after this Chamber is reimplementing a  mask policy due to rising cases of COVID-19 across the country, and the  Senate is not.   Mr. Speaker, the President is rightfully concerned about the rising  number of COVID cases across the country, the vast majority of which  are among the unvaccinated. While the President and I have different  ideas on the best way to stop this virus, it is clear we all want  Americans to be safe and healthy from this virus.   Yet, while this administration is considering more COVID restrictions  for American citizens on one hand, it is planning to loosen  restrictions on migrants at the border on the other. This has opened  our borders to an unparalleled surge that is not diminishing and is  also risking bringing north the lambda variant, just as the Texas House  Democrats brought north the delta variant.   This administration is considering ending Title 42 restrictions in  the middle of a public health crisis at our southern border. Last week,  reports indicated that the number of migrants who tested positive for  COVID-19 in the Rio Grande Valley sector has increased by 900 percent.  Last month alone, over 188,000 migrants were encountered at the border,  and 105,000 of those were turned away under Title 42 restrictions.   If we are going to eradicate COVID, we cannot afford to repeal Title  42. Lifting these restrictions would threaten the health and safety of  U.S. citizens and could lead to higher levels of migration. Our Border  Patrol agents and CBP officers are already dealing with migration  surges, they support the continuance of Title 42, and we must ensure  that they have the tools and processes needed to protect themselves and  our country. This includes the ability to process migrants under Title  42 health restrictions until the public health emergency ends.   Additionally, testing for COVID-19 should be done at all airports or  other ports of entry.   Eliminating Title 42 would only exacerbate the current  administration's crisis at our southern border and likely lead to an  increased public health crisis. Failure to either close the border or  continue Title 42 puts all American lives at risk, both vaccinated and  unvaccinated.   I urge Americans to get vaccinated so we can eradicate this virus.   I urge the President not to repeal Title 42 restrictions.   And I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question so we can  bring the PAUSE Act to the floor and keep Title 42 border health  restrictions in place until the end of the COVID-19 public health  emergency.   