 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to help  defeat the previous question and, for once and for all, address this  lingering crisis that we know is, in fact, a crisis.   The travesties unfolding on our southwest border can no longer be  ignored. And I know we know the facts. I know my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle know the drugs that are pouring into our  communities killing thousands as a direct result of the open border  policy.   But few times have we seen or heard the stories of how people are  actually being affected. Just a couple days ago, I received a text  message from a Border Patrol agent. An American mother and her daughter  were traveling and were killed in a head-on collision with an illegal  smuggling six other illegals. They were evading, driving at a fast  pace, and instead, killed a very young family. In his words, this  Border Patrol agent said it was just a matter of time. This happens all  the time.  [[Page H7652]]    That is unacceptable that it is just a matter of time. Well, it is  just a matter of time before this body takes action, and it is probably  going to be in about 12 months.   The broken policies of this administration have broken our families  here in the United States. They are the true victims of President Biden  and the Democrats in action. And it is stunning to hear and demoralize  and to strip those that are trying to uphold the very law that they  took an oath to protect. I wish my colleagues would do the same,  because it is unacceptable to hear from our own that it is just a  matter of time. It is just a matter of time before someone else gets  killed or another family gets broken or someone else overdoses from the  incredible amount of drugs that are pouring into our community.   But we have solutions, and we have resources. And that is why we need  to continue to finish to build the wall, the force multiplier that our  very own agents have said time and time again will save lives and  prevent more tragedies.   That is why I urge my colleagues to help defeat the previous question  so that we can do what we said we would do: Finish the wall.   