 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as if in  morning business.    Mr. President, today, abortion rights are hanging in the  balance at the Supreme Court, and the threat to Roe is very real. Why?  Because, for decades, extreme Republicans have attacked abortion rights  from every angle, and they are continuing their nonstop efforts to  build a country where patients are forced to remain pregnant and carry  their pregnancies to term against their will.   But I want to make it clear that is absolutely unacceptable because  the majority of Americans don't agree with extreme Republicans. The  majority of Americans want a country where everyone can choose if and  when to start a family, free from political interference.   So I will not sit silently while Republicans try to end the abortion  rights affirmed by Roe v. Wade. No matter what happens, I will never  stop fighting for reproductive rights, and that starts by passing the  Women's Health Protection Act to ensure the right to abortion is  finally protected at the Federal level.   But that is not all. I am also fighting for working families across  the country who are struggling to balance caregiving and work, and who  are counting on us to deliver, because we cannot build an economy that  works for everyone if new parents can't take the time they need to  welcome a new child, or if workers can't get paid leave when their  loved ones are seriously ill.   We can't rebuild our communities when seniors and people with  disabilities are not able to access the services and support they need  to live in their homes and in their own communities.   And we simply cannot put our economy back on track and can't get  people back to work, we can't return from this crisis stronger and  fairer if we don't, at long last, address our Nation's childcare  crisis.   For parents across the country, childcare is unaffordable,  unavailable, and absolutely essential. Childcare costs more today than  many families pay for rent or mortgage or even college tuition.   But even for those who can afford it, many can't even find it. Nearly  half of families nationwide, including 60 percent of our rural  families, don't have enough childcare providers in their communities.  And as any parent knows, you can't go to work if you don't have any  options to make sure your kids are taken care of.   That is exactly what we saw before this pandemic, when data showed 2  million parents with kids under 5 had to quit a job, turn down a job,  or change their job due to childcare challenges.   We have seen that dynamic kicked into high gear during this pandemic.  And as is too often the case, Black women, Latinas, women who are paid  low incomes, and single mothers have been the most affected.   While the pandemic underscored how essential childcare is for  families, it also made childcare harder to get by forcing many  providers to close their doors. Twenty thousand childcare providers  closed during this pandemic, and the childcare workers hurt by those  closures were mostly women and, in particular, women of color. And even  as childcare providers try to reopen their doors now, childcare workers  are struggling to make ends meet.   The result of all of this is clear in headlines across the country.  Watch KING 5 in my home State of Washington: ``Closures in Washington's  child care industry could hinder economic recovery.''   Read the Yakima Herald: ``13% of child care providers in Washington  state have closed because of pandemic.''   Take a look at My Northwest: ``Washington's child care crisis poised  to get even bleaker post-pandemic.''   Across the country, it is the same story in paper after paper.   NEXTpittsburgh: ``Staffing crisis at Pennsylvania child care centers  is disrupting families and slowing economic recovery.''   The Jamestown Sun: ``Child care shortage at root of workforce issues  in North Dakota.''   Business Insider: `` `Childcare deserts' are a secret driver of the  labor shortage--and half of Americans live in one.''   I could go on and on, but the takeaway should be pretty clear:  Addressing the childcare crisis is a necessity, not just for families  but for everyone.   We have employers who can't find workers. We have parents who can't  go back to work without quality, affordable childcare. We have  childcare providers who are struggling to stay open and childcare  workers who are struggling to make ends meet.   Fixing this is make-or-break for our economy. That is why Build Back  Better includes historic investments to lower families' childcare  costs, to help States invest in opening new childcare providers,  raising wages for the early childhood workforce, and adding more  childcare openings.   Under Build Back Better, working families in this country will see  their  [[Page S8850]]  childcare costs capped at 7 percent of their income, starting with  those who need it the most. So what does that mean? It means that, in  the very first year, two-thirds of our working families in this  country--about 13 million children--could be eligible to get childcare  at a lower cost. It means, by the fourth year, 9 in 10 working families  could be eligible to send their child to a provider they choose and see  their childcare costs cut by thousands of dollars each year.   For a single mother with three children in my home State of  Washington making $53,000, it would mean paying nothing for childcare.  For our country, it would mean we have a stronger, fairer economy that  works for working people, with higher wages and better jobs and less  stress for working parents--especially moms, who have been doing so  much throughout this pandemic and before.   Importantly, all this will be fully paid for by making sure the  wealthiest and those at the very top finally pay their fair share.   Every Republican who has said that they are worried about the  workforce crisis, worried about the challenge of rebuilding our  economy, and worried about how families are struggling to get by should  be clamoring to get this done. It is telling about their priorities  that, instead, they are now smearing it with false, bad-faith attacks:  pretending it is somehow not paid for--not true; pretending it won't  cover certain childcare providers--not true.   I have heard from so many parents in my State about how important  childcare is. I have heard from small businesses about how important  this is. And I know my colleagues across the country have heard it too.  So we are going to show families we are listening. We are going to show  families that we care. Democrats are going to pass Build Back Better  and get this done.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   