 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this past Saturday, Senate Democrats  signed off on the largest and most partisan transfer of wealth in the  history of the U.S. Congress.   In the weeks leading up to that vote, they insisted that their $1.9  trillion giveaway would bring the relief the American people were  seeking. They quoted suspect polling and anecdotes to support their  ridiculous claims that the bill was bipartisan, even though they never  even tried to secure bipartisan support. In fact, I would argue that  Democrats threw away the idea of bipartisanship the moment they chose  to use the reconciliation process to force their hand. After almost 30  hours of debate, they did just that on a party-line vote. Then the  cracks in their claims of bipartisanship and necessity began to show.   Almost immediately after the final vote, the majority leader called  it--and I am quoting--``one of the most progressive pieces of  legislation--if not the most progressive--in decades.'' But we all know  that his definition of ``progressive'' isn't compatible with the kind  of targeted relief everyone here would probably agree that this country  needs, had my colleagues on the other side of the aisle not seen an  opportunity to fulfill the radical campaign promises that had put them  into power. They chose--they chose--that power over dealing with the  needs that people have.   They did what they set out to do. A fraction of the American Rescue  Plan's $2 trillion pricetag would go toward that--and I am quoting  again--``big, bold, urgent'' relief that Democrats spent all weekend  long bragging about. I am sure you heard them as you turned on the TV.  Here is the truth: Only 9 percent--9 percent--will go toward vaccines,  testing, healthcare jobs; 9 percent of a nearly $2 trillion bill goes  for COVID relief.   But if we want to talk about big, bold spending plans, let's talk  about all those special earmarks and sweetheart deals that Democrats  used to take advantage of the situation and seize even more power-- again, after the power, using people as pawns to get their liberal wish  list, get the money in the pipeline. Of course, you can forget that we  had $1 trillion already in the pipeline that had not been spent, also  putting their desired power ahead of our children and grandchildren who  are going to have to pay that debt. Immoral.   In my office, we call this bill the blue State bailout. We do it for  a reason. You can look at this chart. Along with that laughable 9  percent of actual COVID relief, the American people took on $350  billion in debt to cover a bailout for some of the highest spending and  most poorly managed State and local governments in the country. The  number is astronomically higher than even the most extreme estimates of  need conjured up by leftwing think tanks. It is more than the $31  billion loss in expected tax revenue that experts forecasted. And it  doesn't even take into consideration that many States don't need a  bailout. Many States had success putting those five previous bipartisan  COVID relief packages to work. They caught up on their tax revenue with  time to spare.   But, still, that $350 billion, it served a purpose. You can see it  right here. The blue States, they are getting more money. The red  States, they are losing money. It created yet another expectation of  dependency that mismanaged States and local governments can lean on  when their out-of-control spending policies come back to bite them.   And we have learned today that the majority leader had a staff member  who tweeted out that the money from this bill, it would tend to New  York State's deficit--pretty much the same thing we are hearing from  California and from some of the big blue cities. If you can't control  your spending habits, crank up the printing presses.   The payday continued with an $85 billion no-strings-attached pension  bailout that everyone from the Committee for a Responsible Federal  Budget to the editorial board of the Wall Street Journal, to the  editorial board of the Washington Post agree had nothing to do with  COVID relief--nothing. It was a gift to an embattled constituency and  another pernicious assertion that when the going gets tough and the  money in those mismanaged funds evaporates, just call on the Federal  Government and crank up the printing presses one more time. Why? Oh, we  need the money. We cannot manage our budgets. We are running low on  fulfilling our obligation to the pension fund. Oh, my goodness, we have  so many needs.   Everybody has needs. Our children and our grandchildren have needs.  They need freedom. They need Members of the Senate, Members of the  House to act like adults and address the problems that are right in  front of us.   When President Biden asked, back in February, what would they have me  cut from this spending bill, I would have told him, let's start with  this money. Let's start with the money that is going to the States to  bail them out because yes, indeed, this is now the Biden blue State  bailout.    Democrats' desire for a lawless and open border shone through in  their unanimous refusal to accept an amendment that would have kept  billions of dollars in direct payments out of the hands of illegal  immigrants. This was more than just a handout; it was a signal to every  person who is trying to jump the line and break the rules that we will  not only tolerate it, but now we are encouraging it. Think about that.  Think about that.   The rule of law is out the window. We are willing to chip away at our  own security--the Democrats are--and ignore the growing crisis at our  southern border--the Democrats are. And if it means we can slap a  bandaid on what has become a gaping wound and call it a win in the war  against poverty, the Democrats are OK with doing that. It is called  spin. But it does not address the underlying issues. It doesn't address  the fact that they are doing this at the expense of schools, small  businesses, and families.   Democrats certainly followed through on their campaign promise to  empower teachers unions. In fact, they went so far as to approve a  provision that would pay schools to stay closed. All 50 Democrats voted  against an amendment that would have sent new funding only to schools  that have followed the science and have reopened safely.   You know, you would have thought that the Democrats would have at  least done that for the children. But, no. In addition to saddling them  with debt--another $2 trillion worth of debt--they encouraged the  teachers unions to not go back to school. That vote put the power right  where the Democrats want it--in the hands of the unions. And millions  of students and teachers out there will continue to pay the mental and  emotional price for this action.   This bill took so much from people who have absolutely nothing to  give. Think of all those billions of dollars wasted on unnecessary  State bailouts, pension rescues, and union appeasement. We had the  opportunity to spend that money on vaccine distribution and  [[Page S1416]]  small business relief and a light at the end of the tunnel for rural  healthcare systems that are hanging on by a thread.   So why did Democrats throw so much money at their pet projects? Do  they really owe that many favors and paybacks? They certainly didn't  pour their time and energy into those 600 pages to provide relief but  to shamelessly advance their own agenda and throw aside struggling  families and workers. Struggling families and workers were simply the  price for getting the power that the Democrats wanted.   When I talk to Tennesseans about what happened in this Chamber last  week, I tell them: You are right about what you were seeing as you  watched the proceedings. You are right. Democrats took advantage of  you, of your desperation and your exhaustion. They used slick messaging  and wordy phrases to sell a bill of goods that treats every pet project  they have and every liberal wish list agenda item as essential.   They like changing the rules. They change the meaning of words like  ``essential'' because they knew that if they could make everything that  they wanted essential, they could take all the power away from local,  responsible governments. They could take it away from school districts  and small businesses. And do you know what they are doing with it? They  are going to centralize it.   See, here is the thing: You were essential to their greedy power  grab. They had to have you.    They had to give their bill a nice-sounding name. They had to say  certain things were essential, but you--small businesses, families,  people who are playing by the rules, you were not essential to them.   See, that is what ``progressive'' means to Senate Democrats, and if  we continue along this road, you are right; it will be an absolute  unmitigated disaster for every single person that my colleagues across  the aisle have used as leverage against responsible policy that will  actually bring us out of this pandemic.   No, it is not about getting out of the pandemic. It is about power,  the power that they want.   I yield the floor.   