 Madam Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the  achievements women have made and reaffirm that we are already equal  under current law.   Women represent 51 percent of the population, comprise over half of  college students, make up the majority of medical and law school  students, and run 12.3 million women-owned businesses while generating  $1.8 trillion each year.   Little girls can be whatever they want to be, whether that is an  astronaut, a doctor, a full-time mom working at home, or a Member of  Congress.   The ERA would not add to the rights already guaranteed by the 14th  Amendment's Equal Protection Clause, but it could jeopardize them.   How? Two ways.   First, by making it discriminatory to offer benefits to women not  offered to men; women's scholarships, women's colleges, job protection  for pregnant women, and safe spaces may all be on the chopping block.   When the equal rights amendment was first proposed a century ago,  many women's rights advocates recognized the negative ramifications it  would bring. In fact, future First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt expressed  concerns that legislation protecting women in the workplace could be  eliminated should the ERA become part of the U.S. Constitution.   Secondly, because the 1972 definition of sex as male and female is no  longer accepted by many today and, instead, will require new  protections for sexual orientation and gender identity. This is a path  that has already proven to be a threat to women's privacy, safety, and  equality. Don't take it from me. Talk to the nine women in California  who were sexually harassed in a women's shelter by a biological male  identifying as a woman.   The equal rights amendment would not only codify inequality for  women, but also destroy the rights of the unborn. The ERA advocates  have been unequivocal about their support for abortion and for using  the ERA to overturn pro-life laws.   Courts have already used State versions of the ERA to force taxpayers  to fund abortions. A Federal ERA would threaten State pro-life laws,  Federal protections like the Hyde amendment, and conscience protections  for American medical professionals who may otherwise be forced to  perform an abortion.   Fortunately, the time limit to pass the ERA expired decades ago, and  there is agreement that Congress cannot go back and remove a deadline  from a previous constitutional amendment initiative. For example, the  Supreme Court has already recognized that the 1972 ERA expired, and the  Department of Justice issued a ruling saying: ``Congress may not revive  a proposed amendment after a deadline, for its ratification has  expired.''   Just over a week ago, a Federal district court ruled that the  deadline to ratify the ERA ``expired long ago.'' And the recent  ratifications of the amendment arrived ``too late to count.''   Pretending we can remove the deadline for passage is both futile and  deceptive. The ERA is a threat to the historical strides women have  made. It will eradicate State and Federal pro-life laws and policies,  and the process is blatantly unconstitutional.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this resolution  and to, instead, uphold the Constitution, promote life, and protect  women's rights.   