 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague, the ranking  member of the Natural Resources Committee, Representative Westerman,  both for yielding and also for all of his diligent efforts in helping  us pass the Alexander Lofgren VIP Act.   Madam Speaker, our Nation is in crisis. Right now, over half of Iowa  is experiencing a moderate to extreme drought. This dire situation is  mirrored around the country, with thousands of counties across the West  experiencing historic drought conditions. This situation has a  widespread impact on our way of life.   For my constituents, it means our farmers and ranchers must fight  even harder to make ends meet after this pandemic.   As drought conditions worsen, so does the cost of irrigation. Less  water means less yield, less in their pockets at the end of the day,  and less in the ground for the next year.   For our fellow Americans out West, not only does this drought harm  farmers and ranchers, but the real threat of wildfires is made  dramatically worse by the lack of moisture.   Madam Speaker, this is shameful and avoidable. The government cannot  make it rain, but it can and should plan for the future. Republicans  have consistently advocated for increased water storage and regulatory  streamlining, which would help conserve water for the dry years. These  measures have been largely opposed by our Democrat colleagues.   Now, as we move into August experiencing another major drought  season, this majority and this administration have no plan, no  solution, and have taken no action to prepare for the next drought  season.   Madam Speaker, not only is there no plan, but this current  administration is actively making it more difficult for Iowans to  access the water they need.   During his confirmation hearing, EPA Administrator Michael Regan  [[Page H4278]]  stated that the Biden administration doesn't ``have any intention of  going back to the original Obama WOTUS.''   Unfortunately, on June 9, the EPA announced its intention to revise  the definition of the waters of the United States once again and reopen  the Navigable Waters Protection Rule. This decision is misguided and  undoes the good work and progress achieved by the Trump administration.   I have spoken with Iowans dozens of times about the issues created by  the 2015 WOTUS rule. WOTUS hurts American farmers, ranchers,  landowners, homebuilders, businesses, and just the average, ordinary  property owner. It has caused confusion and hindered  economic development.    By reopening this rule, the Biden administration once again threatens  economic development and creates uncertainty for rural America.   Madam Speaker, creating this uncertainty, especially during this  drought crisis, is a mistake. We should uphold the Navigable Waters  Protection Rule and ensure that all Americans have straightforward  access to the water they need to thrive and especially to survive.   Thank you to the ranking member of the Committee on Natural  Resources, Representative Westerman, for organizing today's Special  Order to highlight this ongoing crisis.   