 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding  and holding this Special Order hour tonight.   Let me start with a couple of questions that people might have about  the Bible.   What is the Bible? It is 66 different books composed by different  people in three different languages written in different circumstances.   The writers were from different social ranks: statesmen, peasants,  herdsmen, fishermen, kings, priests, tax collectors, tentmakers,  physicians. They were educated and uneducated, Jews and gentiles. Most  of them were unknown to each other, writing during various periods over  1,600 years, and yet it is one book about one subject. That subject is  about mankind's redemption.   The Bible is inspired by God. It is without error and does not  misrepresent the facts. It is trustworthy and the final authority for  everything it teaches.   The next question is: Why would God give us the Bible? He did it to  tell us the story of His infinite love and redemption for you and for  me; to give us the amazing truth that the Lord not only offers  forgiveness for our sins but also, He gives us the power to obey His  law.   Every problem you face has already been answered in the Bible. It  says nothing is new under the Sun, and that is true.   I have learned by reading God's Word that there is an answer to every  question, if we just take the time to look in the Scriptures.   God desires an intimate relationship with each one of His creations,  and it should be our goal as Christians to be obedient to God's Word,  because obedience is better than sacrifice.   God gives us that little bit of faith to believe that He loved us  enough to die for us so we can live again with Him in Heaven.   He already knows the desires of our heart before we even ask. Reading  the Scriptures has taught me that nothing is wasted that happens in a  person's life. Our steps are ordered, and God has a plan for our lives.   My prayer is this: That God would keep His hand on this great Nation.   I am asking my fellow Christians to help me pray for our country that  God's will be done; that God will uncover what men or women try to  deceitfully cover up; that God will raise up men and women to serve in  all places in the government throughout the world and will call upon  His name and pray according to His will and faith, believing in the  name of Jesus Christ.   We should remember this: Our enemies are defenseless against our  prayers.   I want to encourage America that there are Congressmen and  Congresswomen who meet every Wednesday at 7 o'clock to pray for our  Nation, and I implore them to help us pray.   Jeremiah 29:11 says, `` `For I know the plans I have for you,'  declares the Lord, `plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to  give you a hope and a future.' ''   That is what I pray for America.   