 Mr. President, this week, the Senate has been  considering historic infrastructure legislation.   We have seen a lot of positives in this process. Twenty-two  amendments have been processed, and 12 of those amendments have been  adopted. Many of those are bipartisan amendments that our fellow  Senators have worked on together.   On Thursday, we saw the process hit a snag. We have colleagues who  sincerely want to debate their remaining amendments, but we had  objections that prevented our votes from moving forward. In my view,  that is unfortunate. I want everybody's voice to be heard because a  number of the amendments awaiting action would actually improve this  legislation, and, again, we have consensus on both sides on that. I  hope we can reach agreement on a package of amendments that can receive  votes before we pass this bill in final.   In particular, I support an amendment that Senator Cornyn from Texas  would like to offer to allow States to use previously appropriated  COVID funding to finance infrastructure projects.   When I began negotiating with the White House in April and May, this  was one of the things that I put on the table with the President, and I  know the G-20 has also had this on the table with the President. So it  has been a topic of great discussion both here in the Senate but also  with the White House as well. The Cornyn-Padilla amendment would unlock  tens of billions of dollars--more for highway, transit, and housing  infrastructure--without adding to the cost of this legislation.   I plan to vote for cloture at 12 noon because this infrastructure  legislation makes important investments in our Nation's future. I am a  West Virginian, and all West Virginians and all Americans will benefit  from the roads, bridges, water infrastructure, broadband, and other  modes of core infrastructure that would be financed through this bill,  but I believe something more foundational than infrastructure is at  stake here.   We need to demonstrate to the American people that we can work  together in this Congress to pass major legislation that benefits our  country and, I might add, legislation that we have passed more than a  few times in the past. Infrastructure is that perfect place to do that.   Senator Carper and I led the Environment and Public Works Committee  with the surface transportation reauthorization bill, and the Presiding  Officer is on that committee. We passed that out of our committee with  unanimous support, and we also passed a drinking water bill that passed  out of our committee with unanimous support but also out of this body  with 89 votes. Both of those bills are included in this package in  their entirety. Bipartisan bills reported by Commerce and the Energy  Committees are also included.   I certainly appreciated Chairman Carper's leadership and partnership  throughout the entire process. I appreciate the efforts of our  colleagues in the G-22 who have worked with each other tirelessly and  with the Biden administration to get us to this point.   We will soon have a chance to advance this infrastructure legislation  toward final passage. Is this bill perfect? No--no compromise  legislation ever is--but it will make a big difference in modernizing  our country's infrastructure. More than that, we will demonstrate that  both Republicans and Democrats can come together and do big things that  move our country forward.   I have just a bit of a recitation to remind folks what is in this  bill. I will try to speed this part up.   The bill provides $303.5 billion over 5 years for Federal highway  programs--a 35-percent increase. That investment represents historic  funding for our roads and bridges and provides States with the long- term certainty that they need and flexibility that they need to  complete projects.   The bill ensures that 90 percent of the funding is distributed by  formula--very predictable. It gives the States the certainty they need  to prioritize their projects. For West Virginia, that means over $3  billion over 5 years. That is a huge investment for our State and much  needed.    This bill also creates something that I am passionate about, the  Rural Surface Transportation Grant Program to award $2 billion in  competitive grants over 5 years to improve and expand roads and bridges  in rural America. I am especially excited that this program has a 25- percent set-aside for projects that support the completion of the  Appalachia Development Highway System, otherwise known as ADHS. That  set-aside means ADHS projects in West Virginia are eligible to compete  for $500 million over 5 years in discretionary grants. This package  will move our Corridor H project along significantly because we know  that that project will be getting $195 million, and this grant program  opens up the possibility of more. This is a vital connection in our  State for our tourism and our economy. It also will open us up even  broader to the east coast.   West Virginia will receive $506 million to refund and repair our  State's bridges, addressing a critical need certainly in our State and  across the Nation. This funding is part of the single largest  investment in bridge infrastructure since the construction of the  Interstate Highway System.   Briefly, the bill recognizes that broadband is core infrastructure  and prioritizes unserved communities. This is the area I have gotten  really the most questions about: What is this going to do for West  Virginia, for the digital divide areas that are still unserved?   Today, education, tourism, healthcare all rely on high internet  speeds. I launched my Capito Connect Initiative in 2015 to help expand  broadband infrastructure in our State. Many communities that lack  adequate broadband are already struggling economically. It is  impossible to compete for jobs if a community cannot offer good  internet service, causing these areas to fall even further behind. And  I will say, since the pandemic, rural America--as we have known who  live in rural America--is a great and wonderful place to live. More  people in congested areas are realizing there are a lot more pluses in  rural America than what, maybe, they might have realized over a year  ago.   The bill invests $65 billion to help fix our country's digital  divide. That funding would support a formula-based grant program to  States and also supports competitive grants, like the USDA's ReConnect  Program.   Additionally, this bill makes large investments in clean and safe  drinking water; it provides resources that will put West Virginians to  work cleaning up our abandoned mines and orphaned wells.   Every Senator could stand here and tell similar stories about the  investment that this bill will make in his or her own State. This is  the perfect time for us to come together toward the end of a summer  that has been full of stops and starts, and we need to pass this  legislation that will benefit every American.   I hope my colleagues will join me to advance this important  legislation toward its passage.  [[Page S5996]]    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   