 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Pennsylvania for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the combined rule and to  the underlying measures, including H.R. 51, the Washington, D.C.  Admission Act.   Once again, our friends across the aisle are making an attempt to  gain more control in Congress, this time in the Senate, by trying to  hide behind the guise that residents of the District of Columbia do not  have the means for adequate representation in Congress.   While Americans deserve full voting representation from their  national government, our forefathers never intended for the Federal  seat of government to serve as a State. The Founders intended the  Capitol to be a neutral ground for equal sovereign States to work  together to conduct the Nation's business.   This bill does not at all follow what our forefathers envisioned.  H.R. 51 overlooks the U.S. Constitution in which Article I, Section 8,  Clause 17 designated Washington as a Federal district, not a State.  That alone should make this legislation unconstitutional.   Because the District of Columbia's status is spelled out, it would  take a constitutional amendment to grant permission for this Democratic  power play. There have been several alternative proposals and  amendments put  [[Page H1974]]  forward by Republicans, none of which have been heard.   My colleague, Representative Dusty Johnson from South Dakota, has  proposed the District of Columbia-Maryland Reunion Act, which I have  cosponsored, that would revert the majority of D.C. residential areas  back to the State of Maryland. The National Mall and other Federal  buildings would remain as the District of Columbia. Before we create a  new State, we should return D.C.'s residential areas back to the  original State they were served.   With H.R. 51, Democrats have yet again failed to examine the  consequences of their rushed actions to gain more control in Congress.  The District of Columbia has received billions of dollars from the  Federal Government to fund its entire judicial branch of government,  among other things, which would end under statehood.   But Democrats weren't thinking about how to make D.C. a State before  proposing H.R. 51. The only thought in their minds was two more Senate  seats, more control of the government, more control of the American  taxpayer dollars, more out-of-control spending, more Federal overreach  into the lives of everyday Americans.   We have been down this path many times in Congress, voting yet again  on a bill that has had no input from Republicans, nor has had much  chance of receiving any Republican support on the floor.   President Biden was elected on the premise of working together with  Republicans, extending a hand across the aisle to do what is best for  the American people. I have struggled to find many examples of that  bipartisanship to share with my constituents in Oklahoma. But what I do  have are plenty of examples of Democratic power plays, an unwillingness  to let the voices of Republicans be heard, and H.R. 51 stands as a  prime example of both.   Madam Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to oppose the combined rule  and to oppose H.R. 51.   