 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I have heard so many inspiring stories  about how small businesses across the country adapted to COVID-19 and  refused to give up, even when the odds seemed overwhelming.   Mac's Creek Winery in Lexington, NE, is a great example. Owned by two  generations of the McFarland family, this winery and brewery has been a  Nebraska favorite since 1999. Like so many other small businesses, they  were forced to shut their tasting rooms' doors when COVID hit.   But the McFarlands soon pioneered a new way to share their work with  the world. They began hosting virtual tastings through Facebook Live,  inviting their community to join them from home and enjoying these  Nebraska-made wines.   Their first event in March of 2020 attracted just a few dozen  viewers, but their livestreams soon grew to reach thousands of people  across the country. HGTV featured them on their website, and they won  best virtual event at the Nebraska Tourism Industry Awards last  September.   When I visited Mac's Creek earlier this year, I had the chance to see  firsthand how they have bounced back from the pandemic. Mac's Creek  beat the odds, and they even turned last year's hardships to their  advantage. But years before COVID, they overcame an even greater  challenge, one that threatened to destroy their entire business.   In 2013, herbicide drift from neighboring farms wiped out nearly all  of their 4,000 grapevines. This accident cost them well over $1 million  in lost production and set their growth back by at least 5 years.   They couldn't just move their vineyard somewhere else, so just as  they did last year, they looked at what they needed to do and they  turned to innovation to find success. With help from a grant from the  U.S. Department of Agriculture, Mac's Creek was able to buy purpose- built drones to keep an eye on their 25 acres from above. These drones  can help them look for early signs of herbicide drift and stop it from  happening before it even starts. And they haven't suffered another  incident since.   This Nebraska business took on a risky investment to protect their  crops. Their drones are an example of what is known as precision  agriculture technology, and Nebraska leads the United States in its  adoption.   Producers from wineries to cattle ranchers can use drones and other  21st-century equipment to look after their life's work. For example, if  a corn farmer wants to use less water, precision ag technology can help  them calculate exactly how much to use. They can produce the same  amount of corn using as much as 35 percent less water.   If a rancher wants to equip their feed bunks with sensors that track  feed intake, monitor animal health, and even measure emissions from  their cattle, precision ag can help them do that.   And these technologies don't just measure inputs. Autosteer and  mapping technologies can also make farms more efficient, allowing  producers to use less fuel to get better results. All of these things  are potential uses of precision agriculture technology, and all of them  help producers become more efficient with their resources.   This equipment, it has been around since the 1990s. But like all  technologies, it is constantly changing. As it grows more advanced, the  market for it expands as well. And we have seen a huge rise in demand  in recent years.   Precision agriculture is revolutionizing the way America's producers  put food on our tables, but these technologies aren't cheap. Many  farmers with small- or medium-sized operations would love to have these  cutting-edge technologies, but their cost puts them just out of reach.   The adoption of precision ag equipment has been greatest on large  farms, where the savings spread across many acres can generate enough  to make this equipment cost effective. This equipment has the potential  to transform the way producers of all sizes manage their farms, but if  it only helps a small family farmer save maybe $5 an acre next season,  a $150,000 investment starts to look a lot less attractive.   Madam President, the World Economic Forum estimates that if just a  quarter of the world's farms adopted precision ag practices, farm  yields globally could increase by 15 percent. They have also shown that  greenhouse gas emissions and water use could decrease by at least the  same amount. Adopting these technologies in Nebraska has already helped  producers reduce soil erosion and carbon output while also increasing  water quality in the area around their operations. And according to a  recent report about the environmental benefits of precision ag, even at  the current levels, this equipment already saves 30 million pounds of  herbicide, 100 million gallons of fossil fuels, and 500 million gallons  of water every single year. And that is just in the United States.   These technologies can help us feed a growing population while also  caring for our environment. We should be encouraging more producers to  turn to precision agriculture, and that is why I am joining with the  senior Senator from Minnesota to introduce a bill to create a loan  program that would help them do just that.   My bill would establish the Precision Agriculture Loan Program, which  would offer low-cost and low-term loans to producers who want to adopt  precision ag technologies but they may be unable to make these  investments through traditional banks. This would be the first Federal  loan program dedicated entirely to precision ag, and instead of upward  of 5 percent in interest, producers could pay interest rates under 2  percent on loans 3 to 12 years in length. These loans would cover  precision ag technology that improves efficiency or it reduces inputs.  My bill would help the math start to make sense for our producers who  would like to adopt these technologies, but they haven't been able to  afford them.  [[Page S6539]]    It is rare to find an issue that is so clearly a win-win for everyone  involved. From the University of Nebraska to the Association of  Equipment Manufacturers, the Nebraska Farm Bureau, and the American  Conservation Coalition, support is growing for making precision  agriculture more accessible.   Another bill I introduced with Senator Klobuchar in April, which  would help farmers connect precision ag technologies to each other  through the internet of things, has been met with a similar outpouring  of support. That is because precision agriculture--those technologies-- really have no drawbacks. It is better for ag producers, rural  communities, consumers, and the environment, all at the same time.   The biggest obstacle is the cost, and that burden falls mostly on the  smaller farms that can't afford to take the risks. Well, my bill will  give smaller operations the backing that they need to manage those  risks.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   