 Madam Speaker, to ``support and defend the Constitution  of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic.''   We reaffirmed that oath on January 3. Yet only 3 days later in this  very Chamber, this body was assaulted while carrying out the peaceful  transfer of power, the very hallmark of our democracy.   I first took that oath when I was 17 years old and entered the Naval  Academy. I was willing to put my life on the line to serve my country  and protect the foundation of this republic, a foundation that was  shaken but not broken on January 6.   Mr. Bannon, a former naval officer like me, at one point understood  this oath. He took it multiple times. He served his country honorably  in the Navy.   I don't know what happened between the time Lieutenant Bannon left  the Navy and today. What forces corrupted his understanding of this  oath?   Mr. Bannon has been given the opportunity to voluntarily provide  information relevant to the work of our committee, but he has not  complied.   Truly, this is larger than Mr. Bannon, this is larger than this  investigation, and this is larger than the tragic and horrific events  of January 6.   This vote is a test of that oath. To my colleagues who chose to vote  against enforcing the subpoena, you are saying to all future men and  women who are called before this body that they can ignore a subpoena  from Congress without consequence.   You can make that choice today. But that will be a vote to abdicate  the power of the legislative branch in which you are elected to serve.  That will be a vote to undermine the government and the Constitution  which you took an oath to support and defend.   The consequences of that vote won't be limited to this investigation  and this subpoena alone. Your vote will do serious, long-lasting damage  to Congress as an institution. That, in turn, will do serious damage to  our country, which we all love so dearly.   We ask our young men and women in uniform to go forth every day and  protect us, to protect this republic, to protect our form of  government. I am asking you to do the same, to protect our democracy  from those forces seeking to destroy it from within.   