 Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor an Iowan, a Marine,  and a fallen hero, Brandon Ketchum.   I am also here to make a promise to his mother, Bev. When I  introduced this legislation, I told Bev that Brandon's story was one  that would ensure that other veterans get the mental health help that  they need. Today, we are here to take that next step in keeping that  promise.   Five years ago, retired Sergeant Brandon Ketchum took his own life  when he was unable to get the mental healthcare he needed. Sergeant  Ketchum had served two tours in Iraq and another in Afghanistan. In his  first tour alone, he helped clear 92 roadside bombs in 7 months,  service that earned him the Combat Action Ribbon.   His heroic service wasn't his only role, however. He was a loving  father, son, brother, and friend. But like many veterans, Sergeant  Ketchum struggled with depression, addiction, and PTSD related to his  time in uniform.   After his service, Brandon volunteered and spoke publicly to students  about his experience with PTSD. But despite receiving therapy and  addiction treatment after returning from his tours, Brandon had a hard  time adjusting to civilian life.   When he sought inpatient hospitalization in 2016 from an Iowa VA, the  treatment rooms were full, and he was turned down for the care he  needed. Hours later, Sergeant Ketchum took his own life.   We all know that veterans do not have enough mental health resources  across this country. Nearly 17 veterans die by suicide every day, and a  recent HHS study found that only 50 percent of returning vets who need  mental health treatment will receive it. And, in particular, these  mental health services are even harder to find in our Nation's rural  areas, areas that I and my Iowa colleagues represent here in Congress.   The truth is sad, but it is pretty simple. We are failing our  veterans. Brandon asked us for help, but he was turned away because of  a lack of resources. So, we must make sure, in his memory and for the  sake of others still serving, that when our soldiers return home, they  can get the treatment that they need.    My bill will increase mental health facilities in rural areas by  establishing three new Rural Access Network for Growth Enhancement  programs, known by their acronym RANGE. RANGE programs provide rural  veterans with more mental health resources, including access to a team  of experts who can provide intensive addiction and mental health  treatment, helping veterans reintegrate into their communities.   My bill will also study how the VA is currently meeting the needs of  rural veterans with mental health issues and what resources may be  needed to improve their care so that we can actually address the root  causes of mental health issues in our rural areas and with our  veterans.   Not only is this an important cause, but it is a bipartisan one, too.  As mentioned, all four members of our Iowa delegation have joined  together and signed on to this. I would like to thank them all for  doing that, my incredible cosponsors, and, of course, Chairman Takano  and subcommittee Chairwoman Brownley for their support of this bill, as  well as their constant dedication to our veterans.  [[Page H2377]]    Veterans put their lives on the line and serve our Nation with honor.  When they come home, they should be able to receive the care that they  need regardless of ZIP Code.   We can't simply accept that Brandon's death is a tragedy, and that is  just what it is. We have to use his story to make the changes that are  long overdue and to ensure that no other veteran falls through the  cracks.   We must take action to address the rural health shortages and the  mental health needs of our Nation's veterans. I urge all of my  colleagues to honor Sergeant Ketchum's legacy with a ``yes'' vote on  this bill.   