 Mr. President.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, let me  just say that over the last year, we have heard constantly that you  should ``stay home when you are sick.'' It is good advice, of course,  and the right thing to do for public health, and I certainly encourage  people to do it. But what I thought about every single time was, what  about the workers who can't just stay home? There are a lot of them.   Right now, 32 million American workers do not have access to a single  paid sick day. Let me repeat that. Thirty-two million people in the  United States will lose pay if they stay home because they are sick or  because they have to care for a sick loved one. Only 20 percent of  private sector workers in the United States have paid family leave  through their employer, meaning millions of workers will lose pay if  they give birth or have a sick child, for just a few examples.   What I hear from workers in these situations is that they need to  know they have the ability to take time off without worrying about  losing their paycheck and without worrying about whether their boss  will allow them.   That is why I am on the floor today to object in the strongest terms  to the misleadingly titled bill the Senator from Utah just proposed.  His bill would allow employers to offer workers' comp time instead of  time-and-a-half pay when workers put in overtime.   Here is why this won't work when it comes to taking paid leave. Under  this bill, the so-called Working Families Flexibility Act, workers  would have no guaranteed right to use the comp time they have earned  even when there is an emergency. And it actually gets worse from there.  Under this bill, if a worker's claim is denied, their only option to  fight back is to request that their comp time be cashed out, and the  employer has a whole month to comply. As of March 2021, more than half  of Americans said they were living paycheck to paycheck. A month is not  going to work for them.   Anyone who is serious about making sure workers can support  themselves and care for themselves and their families should reject  this bill and work with my colleagues and me to pass Senator  Gillibrand's FAMILY Act and the Healthy Families Act Congresswoman  DeLauro and I introduced. Our legislation would actually truly give  workers flexibility and the weight off their shoulders as they navigate  the kinds of tough times we all encounter in our lives.   Look, when this pandemic struck, we saw how costly not having paid  leave has been for our workers, for our families, for our businesses,  and for our country. Millions of workers were forced to choose between  the well-being of themselves and their coworkers and their families or  their paycheck. Millions were infected, and millions more--especially  women and workers of color--were forced out of their jobs in large part  due to lacking paid leave or quality, affordable childcare options.   This pandemic has really made it more clear than ever: It is far past  time we made paid leave a right for all, not just a privilege for some.   Now is not the time for more false choices and stress for our  workers. It is a time to get real solutions over the finish line, so I  object.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   