 Madam President, today, I join my colleagues to talk  about highlighting some of the things that we see in the dubious  environment and energy provisions included in the Democrats' reckless  tax-and-spending proposal and what that will mean to the American  public.   This week, the U.S. Energy Information Administration, a nonpartisan  governmental group, forecasted that the cost of Americans' natural gas  bills will go up 30 percent this winter. We are getting ready to get  into the cold winter season. That means American households will spend  an average of $746 on gas heating in the months from October through  March--30 percent more than last year.   Now, maybe to some people, $746 doesn't sound like much, but if you  are on a fixed income and you have to pay that every month, that means  having to make difficult decisions.   Also, with natural gas, which is the primary heating fuel for 48  percent of American homes, which is nearly half the country, this has  huge implications for our families.   As I said, just think of retirees in West Virginia, who are on fixed  incomes. That 30-percent increase is huge and unmanageable. People  already struggle to pay their energy bills in normal times, but with  this increase, difficult decisions will have to be made in many  households.   Think of a family of four just trying to get through--trying to get  through the school year--and they have just enough to buy the  necessities for their children, and now their heating bill is 30- percent higher. That is a big hit to that family.   Americans who rely on propane will face an even greater price  increase, and that is a lot of Americans. The EIA said it is expecting  a 54-percent increase this winter.   So with Americans facing eye-popping increases in home heating,  Congress should be considering legislation that lowers those costs by  producing more energy here at home; but, instead, the House Energy and  Commerce Committee reported legislation to impose a methane tax, which  would really be called a natural gas tax.   This regressive provision would make already high heating costs even  worse this winter and beyond, and low- and middle-income families would  suffer because we know those costs always get passed on. The natural  gas tax would put jobs in the energy sector in my home State at risk.  This week, we saw reports that this tax may drop out of the  reconciliation package. Good news for me, and it would be good news for  States like ours.   But even without a natural gas tax or the devastating Clean  Electricity Payment Program, which also is rumored to be on the  chopping block, the remaining provisions in the Democrats' legislation  wastes taxpayers' dollars and includes broad, new regulatory policies  that would change this country.   For example, there is the Greenhouse Gas Reduction Fund. It is a  $27.5 billion slush fund for Democratic States and progressive  organizations to finance whatever so-called green projects they may  want.   Apparently, our colleagues are concerned that the over $200 billion  we have in renewable energy tax credits is not enough to encourage the  private sector to finance projects. Therefore, billions of tax dollars  are required to provide even more public financing for their wish list.   Two other provisions tucked into the House bill that have not  received much attention could have major policy implications.   First, the House bill includes a $50 million fund to create a new  greenhouse gas emissions regulation at the EPA, like President Obama's  Clean Power Plan.   My question would be, if the EPA is funded, why they would need  another $50 million to create a program.   But this provision directs the EPA to develop overly burdensome  regulations. At the request of 26 States, the U.S. Supreme Court stayed  President Obama's Clean Power Plan because the EPA lacked the statutory  authority.   Yet this $50 million provision, tucked into the $3.5 trillion  behemoth bill, isn't only about giving more money to the EPA; it is  designed to give the administration the ability to say that future  climate rules were specifically authorized by the Congress. These rules  could regulate energy production, manufacturing, agriculture--really,  any sector in the U.S. economy--and place countless jobs at risk.   Another separate $50 million provision directs the Federal Highway  Administration to come up with a greenhouse gas emissions performance  measure.  [[Page S7406]]    What is that?   States would then be required to set emissions reduction targets  based on that performance measure. The Federal Highway Administration  is also directed to impose consequences on States that fail to meet  these targets.   How much of a reduction in emissions do States have to achieve to hit  their targets? What actions will States have to take or not take in  order to meet their targets? More importantly, what consequences will  the Federal Highway Administration impose on our States that fail to  meet their targets? Will they lose their Federal highway dollars? Will  States have more restrictions on building new roads? Will there be new  requirements to direct highway funding to other activities that reduce  emissions?   All of those questions are left unanswered.   This $50 million open-ended provision, reported by the House  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, could jeopardize the  ability of States to build new roads and bridges.   These are just a few of the erratic environmental provisions in this  reckless tax-and-spending spree. Their provisions have not had the  careful consideration that they need to have, and they have not had the  vetting that, I think, programs such as these would need.   The package is much broader than that. It is really a lot of wasteful  spending. It is regulatory overreach that will make energy and goods  more expensive. We have talked on and on about the rising costs of  goods and, particularly, gasoline. It is a progressive wish list rolled  into a $3.5 trillion bill that inserts the government into nearly every  phase of American life from cradle to grave. The reconciliation bill  should not pass.   I will continue to come to the floor, along with my colleagues, to  shine a light on the harmful provisions and help inform the American  people about what really is in this package.   I yield the floor.   