 Mr. President, I join Senator Leahy and others who have  come to the floor this afternoon to urge clean passage of the VOCA Fix  Act so that we can secure greater deposits into the Crime Victims Fund  and ensure continued support for crime victims.   I am currently the chair of the Commerce, Justice, and Science  Appropriations Subcommittee. Senator Moran from Kansas is my ranking  member. Before that, Senator Moran was chair of the committee, and I  was the ranking member. Together, we have committed to a target of  spending from the fund at a minimum of the 3-year average of  collections. That is a practice that was started by former  Appropriations Committee and CJS Chair Senator Mikulski, along with  Senator Shelby, back in 2015.   All deposits made into the Crime Victims Fund should stay in the  fund. Our subcommittee directs the amount that is released by the  Justice Department from the fund for victim services. But every dollar  stays in the fund and is available in future years if it is not used  for victim services.   If Senator Toomey's amendment passes, if appropriations bills contain  less than the 3-year average, either the entire cap falls, depleting  the fund in one fiscal year or, more likely, the appropriations bill  would be stopped from moving forward on the floor.   Now, I appreciate what Senator Toomey is trying to do. He wants to  address budget reform and the impact of mandatory spending, but this is  not the way to do that. That needs a thoughtful process that goes  through the committee that there is debate on. This should not be done  as an amendment to a bill that is at a process that is critical to help  the victims of crime.   Victims groups and direct service providers are asking for the clean  passage of this act, the VOCA Fix Act. They are urging us to vote no on  Senator Toomey's amendment.   We have all heard from victims groups requesting clean passage of  this bill. I have heard from individuals and organizations from across  New Hampshire, as Senator Leahy said, organizations like the New  Hampshire Coalition Against Domestic and Sexual Violence and the  Granite State Children's Alliance which both benefit from the Crime  Victims Fund because they get funding for those people who are injured.   This bill has already passed the House. If we pass this legislation  today without amendment, it can be quickly signed into law, and we can  get these much needed changes to shore up collections into the fund so  that the victims of crime can get the help that they need. It will make  a meaningful impact to ensure there is adequate funding for survivors  now and in years to come.   I would urge a ``no'' vote on the Toomey amendment.   I yield the floor   