 Mr. President, I thank Senator Daines for his leadership  on this issue.   The only thing the previous speaker and I have in common is agreeing  that it is high time that we had a Native American woman to lead the  Department of the Interior.   On behalf of the people of Wyoming, I am opposing President Biden's  nomination of Congresswoman Haaland to serve as Secretary of the  Interior.   As Secretary, she will continue the job-killing, anti-energy attack  on Wyoming's livelihood that President Biden started during his first  week in office.   Let's recap just how bad President Biden's Executive actions are for  my State.   A University of Wyoming analysis found that Wyoming stands to lose  nearly $13 billion in tax revenue if we don't lift the Biden ban on new  oil and gas leasing and drilling on Federal lands. To put this in  context, $13 billion in tax revenue would educate 60,000 Wyoming  students from kindergarten through high school graduation. It would  fund the University of Wyoming for the next 59 years. It would fund our  public safety and corrections budget for the next 68 years. And it  would fund the Wyoming Department of Health for the next 26 years.  These are real numbers, and the Biden ban is having real consequences.   In Wyoming, we put the tax revenue from Federal land leases to use  educating our kids, caring for the sick, and funding public  infrastructure.   Maybe this sounds like my complaint is just with President Biden.  That is  [[Page S1486]]  how Congresswoman Haaland would have you see it. Congresswoman Haaland  says that she will simply be following the administration's orders and  implementing its agenda at the Interior Department. This isn't exactly  encouraging for a number of reasons.   The White House's very first action in implementing their climate  change agenda is on track to cost my home State a whopping $13 billion  in revenue. I shudder to think what their next action will cost us,  especially with Department heads committed to blindly enacting the  Biden agenda without consideration for the extraordinary impacts it  will continue to have on energy States like Wyoming.   Second, Secretaries have an incredible amount of power to make  decisions on how an administration's agenda gets implemented. Based on  her own public statements and actions, Congresswoman Haaland is more  radical in her positions than President Biden.   None of these facts are particularly encouraging to folks in Wyoming  and the West who will be devastated by the policies that Congresswoman  Haaland plans to champion. What we need is a Secretary who understands  the issues that westerners face. We need someone who knows the ways  that States like Wyoming are contributing to America's energy  independence and doing so in increasingly environmentally friendly  ways. Banning permitting on Federal lands in Wyoming means banning  access to 68 percent of Wyoming's minerals. For our State and our  country to remain energy independent, we need someone at the Department  of the Interior who recognizes that if we shut down producers at home,  we are only increasing the power of polluters like Russia and China  abroad.   Conservatives are regularly attacked as anti-science and anti- environment. This couldn't be further from the truth. I can tell you  there are no greater stewards of our land than the people who actually  work it, be it farmers, ranchers, or energy producers. We care more  about the land and natural resources than just about anyone. It is our  livelihood.   But it is more than that. It is our way of life. We know that  responsible care for the land means that we have to have a healthy  give-and-take with the land.   In Wyoming, we support both energy protection and conservation,  fossil fuels and clean energy technologies. Wyoming leads the Nation as  the biggest net energy supplier at the same time that we are driving  the future of carbon capture and utilization technology.   Representative Haaland and the Biden administration claim their ban  on leases supports the environment, but this ban actually hurts  environmental conservation efforts. Energy development on public lands  helps to fund conservation, including the Land and Water Conservation  Fund to the tune of billions of dollars.   Additionally, since 2000, the United States has had the largest  absolute decline in emissions of any country. We did this while at the  same time rising to become the world's top energy producer. The truth  of the matter is, you can be both environmentally friendly and energy  friendly. In Wyoming, we are doing both. Under the Biden and Haaland  administration, we will do neither.   I want to add one more thing. I recognize the longstanding connection  of Native Americans to the land. Representative Haaland has that  connection, and I honor her heritage and appreciate how significant the  nomination of a Native American to lead the Department of the Interior  is to the Tribes and to indigenous people. But there is no connection  between her heritage and her support of the Green New Deal and  attacking oil and natural gas production as a means to address climate  change. If our goal is to reduce emissions, then our focus should be on  clean air, not attacking energy production.   We can achieve our environmental goals through things like carbon  capture while remaining energy independent.   For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to oppose Representative  Haaland's nomination to serve as Secretary of the Interior.   I yield the floor.   