 Mr. President, as I come to the floor today, I want  to acknowledge that we have an active shooter situation in  Collierville, TN, right outside of Memphis. We have spoken with  authorities. We have worked with State and Federal authorities. We are  aware that there are 13 individuals who have been shot. The shooter is  dead. But we are very grateful for law enforcement that have stepped up  in this situation and prayerful for those who have been adversely  impacted and have been victims of this shooting situation.   Mr. President, I ask that I have permission to complete my remarks  before the scheduled vote.    Mr. President, this week, we have heard from many of  my Democratic colleagues about the various ways that Republicans have  [[Page S6655]]  supposedly dragged this country to the brink of collapse. But what they  have ignored in their manufactured hysteria and disgust in some part is  the fact that it is, indeed, Democrats who have control of the entire  U.S. Government at this point. It was the Democrats who chose to govern  alone starting on day one of the Biden administration.   Over the past 8 months, Joe Biden and his Democratic friends have  indulged their worst instincts and taken unprecedented steps to bring  every single aspect of American life under the control of the Federal  Government.   They are the ones who are now threatening the American people with  shutdowns and default rather than using the tools at their disposal to  raise the debt ceiling and fund the government.   They are the ones who chose to squander the trust of the American  people on a spending spree that would waste trillions of dollars on  liberal pet projects and a rapidly expanding welfare state. The  Democrats have repeatedly claimed that these programs will make us  happier, healthier, wealthier, freer, but in reality, their agenda has  done nothing but make things worse.   Historic spending has given rise to historic inflation that is on  track to stay with us until the end of Joe Biden's Presidency. In  Tennessee, it is one of the things that I hear about most. Groceries  are more expensive than ever. Gas prices are at a 7-year high. Rent has  skyrocketed, along with natural gas prices, which are set to break a  decade-old record just in time for colder weather to set in. It is bad  for hard-working taxpayers. They are tired of it.   According to the Wall Street Journal, not even a well-earned hourly  raise will be enough to pull these workers out of the hole. Inflation  is so bad, it has negated the budget padding these people should be  enjoying from bigger paychecks. Pay adjusted for inflation actually  fell. It fell half a percent in August. These aren't luxuries. The  policies advocated by the Democrats have made life itself too expensive  to afford. From the second they wake up in the morning to the moment  their head hits their pillow at night, the American people are bleeding  cash, paying higher taxes, and some are beginning to lose hope.   Still, the Democrats insist that if we surrender even more control,  all will be well. Well, that talking point might work when you are  talking to the camera, but it is not going to work on the people. It is  not working on Tennesseans because they understand that ceding control  means surrendering freedom, and freedom is about all that we have left.   When I talk to Tennesseans, they are not holding back how they feel  about this so-called transformative agenda. For them, this isn't just a  battle of ideas. They are fighting a war against the onslaught of  radical socialism. They are afraid of Joe Biden's runaway White House  because they have seen how destructive the administration's unilateral  decisions can be. They have watched thousands of jobs evaporate and the  southern border turned into a lawless war zone because the President  wanted it this way.   So here is what Tennesseans want to know. If they can't trust the  Democrats to do the bare minimum, why should they trust that even more  spending and more centralized control and more big government will work  out in their favor? They have had 8 months' worth of proof that the  exact opposite is true.   This country might be hanging on by a thread. For my part, I will  listen to my fellow Tennesseans and will play no role in facilitating  the erosion of freedom and the dignity of American life.   I implore my colleagues in the majority: Listen to the people. They  have the right to live their lives on their own terms, not with  lockdowns and mandates--on their terms. They don't want have to depend  on a government check to feed themselves or get their children back to  school.   There is a reason that our Constitution is one of the enumerated  Federal powers. It is not the place of Congress or the Executive to  flip this concept on its head and force the American people to justify  their right to live free from this destructive cycle of debt and  dependency. Our rights come from God, and I assure you, no government  body could ever improve upon them.   I yield the floor.   