 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for being such a  strong leader and getting us to where we are today.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand here in support of this very  important piece of bipartisan legislation, which I am leading with my  good friend and colleague, Representative Fred Upton.   This is a meaningful bill that is the product of good bipartisan work  by the Energy and Commerce Committee. It passed the House with strong  bipartisan support in the last Congress, and it is an example that  bipartisanship does exist on Capitol Hill. This bill embodies it, and  today's vote will once again validate that.   PFAS chemicals are an urgent threat to public health. This class of  manmade chemicals is extremely persistent in the environment and has  long been linked with adverse health effects, including cancer.   These chemicals were birthed out of the Manhattan Project, and, now,  nearly every American, almost every American, has PFAS coursing through  their blood after generations of use of these drugs in our modern  society.   The EPA has understood the risks posed by PFAS since 1998. The  Defense Department has understood the risks since the 1970s. The FDA  has understood the risks since the 1960s. And industry has known about  the dangers for decades.   But we still do not have a strong Federal policy to combat these  forever chemicals, which are a crisis. We have yet to set a national  drinking water standard for PFAS that our water utilities need to meet.  We have yet to designate them as hazardous substances under Superfund  to jump-start cleanup. We have yet to regulate industrial discharges of  PFAS into our water and our air. And we have yet to establish simple  labeling that PFAS is in a product to allow consumers to protect  themselves.   This can all change if we pass the PFAS Action Act.   According to the Environmental Working Group, over 200 million  Americans are drinking water now contaminated with PFAS, and we are  finding more and more contamination regularly. Just today, the  Environmental Working Group reported that PFAS have been detected in  2,800 communities, including 2,411 drinking water systems, and at 328  military installations nationwide.    Listen to me: The Pentagon is not going to prioritize cleanup of  these military sites until these chemicals are listed as the hazardous  substances that they are.   I want to be clear: I love my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle, but there is nothing in this bill that would ban PFAS used in  drugs, medical devices, or PPE. It will not ban masks.   I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill. It is time we protect  Americans.   