 Madam President, I rise today to once again call for  every Senator to have the opportunity to cast their vote on the  Military Justice Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act, which was  unceremoniously and undemocratically removed from the NDAA behind  closed doors.   I started calling for an up-or-down vote on this bill on May 24  because I feared that this would happen and that the NDAA would not do  enough to address the epidemic of sexual violence and serious crimes in  the U.S. military. Now that we have seen the text, it is clear that  those fears were well-founded.   Committee leadership has overridden the will of a filibuster-proof  majority in the Senate and a majority of the House, who called for real  reform that would have moved serious crimes to independent military  prosecutors. Instead, committee leadership has codified the status quo,  leaving commanders as the convening authority--  [[Page S9106]]  even in sex crimes cases. That is the same system that everyone  supposedly agreed is failing our servicemembers. Unfortunately, this  does not fix the issue of convening authority, which was the singular  ask from the survivor community.   The NDAA does not make the necessary changes to the military justice  system. The change we must make--the change that survivors and veterans  have asked for--is to remove all serious nonmilitary crimes from the  chain of command. Commanders are not lawyers or judges, and they don't  have training or expertise necessary to make those complex legal  decisions.   Our servicemembers have told us that they do not trust commanders to  be unbiased or to deliver real justice in cases where they know the  survivor or the accused.   Although I have heard from my colleagues saying otherwise, the NDAA  does not remove sex crimes or any other serious crimes from the chain  of command. And I want to be clear about this because the American  people and our servicemembers deserve to know the truth. The NDAA keeps  the commander as the convening authority. Every single court-martial  will still begin with the words: ``This court-martial was convened by  order of the commander.''   It tells you everything you need to know.   The NDAA also continues to offer commanders the ability to choose the  members of the jury panel. I want to address this point specifically  because I have heard a few misleading statements about jury selection.   The NDAA allows a commander who is creating the court-martial to  handpick other members of his command to be the jury pool from which  the jury will be formed. Our bill, on the other hand, would put this  responsibility in the hands of an independent attorney without a stake  in the outcome.   Unlike what some who lack an understanding of the UCMJ have said,  under our bill, the independent prosecutor is not the same person as  the independent convening authority. Those are two separate military  attorneys.   Don Christensen, president of Protect Our Defenders, said about the  NDAA that ``because commanders retain convening authority and  associated powers such as selecting jury court members, commanders will  still wield significant influence over the court-martial proceeding.  Such influence erodes the independence of the special victims'  prosecutor and fails to address the concerns of the survivor community  that conflicted commanders still have too much influence over the  military justice process.''   The command influence does not stop with jury selection. The NDAA  also allows commanders to oversee the preliminary inquiry. It retains  commanders' ability to order depositions and to order warrants of  attachment. It continues to allow commanders to grant immunity and to  approve delays. It retains commanders' power to determine the  incapacity of the accused and to select witnesses. It allows commanders  to approve of findings and sentences and to order the reconsideration  of ambiguous sentences. It also allows the commanders to grant clemency  and to allow the accused to separate from the service instead of facing  a court-martial--fully eluding the justice system.   Anyone who looks at the system sees a system where the commander is  still in charge, where their influence cannot be overlooked. There is  no way for the prosecutors to be or to be seen to be independent under  that system. There will be no improvement in trust or, necessarily, in  the results.   Today, just one-third of survivors of sexual assault in the military  are willing to come out of the shadows to report their crime, showing a  clear lack of trust in the current system, but 44 percent of survivors  indicate that they would have been more likely to come forward if the  prosecutor were in charge of the decision over whether to move forward  with their case.   The Military Justice Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act is the  only provision that would empower impartial, independent prosecutors to  make the vital decisions necessary for a criminal justice system  shielded from systemic command influence, while allowing commanders to  focus on what they do best: warfighting, training troops.   I want to share the words of Retired Navy LT Paula Coughlin, a  survivor who brought the Tailhook Symposium scandal to light 30 years  ago. She said:   ``The efforts to gut reform are unacceptable to the survivor  community and must be rejected. If this effort succeeds, it will be a  slap in the face to those who have put it all on the line this past  decade.''   Those survivors and the majority of my colleagues here in the Senate  who support real reform deserve to have their voices heard.   As if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that at a time  to be determined by the majority leader in consultation with the  Republican leader, the Senate Armed Services Committee be discharged  from further consideration of S. 1520 and the Senate proceed to its  consideration; that there be 2 hours of debate equally divided in the  usual form; and that upon the use or yielding back of such time, the  Senate vote on the bill with no intervening action or debate.    I would like to thank the chairman for his steadfast  work on trying to find common ground  [[Page S9107]]  here, but I disagree that ``all meaningful prosecutorial'' actions have  been taken away from the commander. These are the actions that still  rest with the commander, and these are meaningful: granting clemency,  highly meaningful; grant sentencing witnesses, highly meaningful;  granting immunity, highly meaningful; ordering depositions, highly  meaningful; preliminary inquiries, highly meaningful; separation  authority, highly meaningful. These are things that are essential to  the prosecution of any case, and so if the prosecutor doesn't have the  right to do these things, it means the prosecutor has to go ask the  commander: May I do these things? May I call this witness? May I have  approval for a witness at sentencing? May I have approval for this  preliminary inquiry?   That request alone sends the signal to survivors and to  servicemembers that the chain of command is still in charge; that that  independent prosecutor, while the language of the bill sounds really  good--they are independent and their decision is binding,  wonderful. The perception of servicemembers who understand the weight  of convening authority, they know what the words ``convening  authority'' mean; they know what the command ability and importance is.    They may not receive these changes and these reforms in the way the  chairman believes them to be seen. They may not see them as the ``most  transformative reforms'' that have ever happened because if they still  perceive the chain of command in charge, it may not dent their  willingness to report these crimes. They may not have now the ability  to report and to have a belief that they can have faith in this system.   And so my question to the chairman is, Why didn't we take the extra  step to do the one thing that we have been trying to do for 8 years,  which was to make these prosecutors, these independent, specialized  prosecutors--which is what we have been fighting for, for 8 years-- truly independent and give them all the authority the convening  authority had?   The only change they would have had to make is the designation of  ``convening authority'' would go from the commander to these new,  independent, trained prosecutors. It is a simple change. It is a change  we have begged for from the survivor community, from the veterans  organizations, from Protect Our Defenders, the best and most effective  vocal organization, per the chairman. We have asked for that one  change--to be denied by this conference committee of four men in a  closed room making the decision themselves.   And for the chairman to get up and say that having such an  overwhelming vote by the House of Representatives just shows how right  they are, well, then why does 220 cosponsors in the House mean nothing?  Why does 66 sponsors in the Senate mean nothing? Why does the  endorsement of every veterans group in America mean nothing? Why does  the support of 29 attorneys general mean nothing? That is my question.   And it is such a small thing.   So, yes, having an independent, trained military prosecutor outside  the chain of command whose decision is binding sounds amazing. That is  what we have been fighting for. Why not make it really independent? Why  not take the convening authority and give it to the independent,  trained military prosecutor?   And, sadly, the answer is the DOD does not want to change the status  quo. They don't want to make these changes, and so what they are  willing to do is they are willing to put a great label on it. They are  willing to pretend that they are doing the thing that we have asked  them to do. They are willing to create the impression that they are  doing the thing we asked them to do. But they know what ``convening  authority'' means, and they retained it.   And when asked: Please, take the convening authority, give it to the  trained military prosecutor; please make a truly independent system,  like all these people are asking you to do, they said no. They said no  over and over and over again.   And, unfortunately, our chairman did not want to disregard the views  of the Department of Defense. And, unfortunately, that is my job, to  oversee, to provide oversight and accountability over the Department of  Defense, over the executive branch. That is what the Constitution  requires this Chamber, this body, this Senate to do. We are not  supposed to take our marching orders from the Department of Defense. We  are not supposed to do what the generals ask us to do.   We are supposed to look hard and fast at a problem that has plagued  our servicemembers who give their lives for this country. We are asked  to solve the problem, and we have put forward legislation that has the  blessing of 66 Senators and 220 House Members and every veterans  organizations that we know of and every single of the 29 attorneys  general who have written a letter. We have this breadth of support, but  it doesn't matter because it is not what the DOD wants to do.   So, yes, having independent, trained military prosecutors who make  decisions outside the chain of command that cannot be changed is  definitely a step in the right direction, but it is not the independent  review that we asked for because without convening authority, the  perception of servicemembers, of survivors, of the men and women this  justice system is designed to protect will be that all these rights and  privileges sit with the commander and that these are rights and  privileges that have value, that have ``meaningful prosecutorial  value.''   They are not meaningless, and if they were so meaningless, then you  would have given it to independent prosecutors.   That is why I will keep fighting on behalf of survivors. It is why we  do not just say we are excited, and we go home. It is why we have not  decided this is the moment to celebrate because, for us, it is not  because I worry that that percentage of sexual assaults, rapes, and  unwanted sexual contact--the 20,000 that are estimated every year--that  the percentage of those that will be willing to come forward will not  go up and the rate of cases will not go down and the rate of cases that  end in conviction will not go up.   So that is my concern. It is why I stand here gravely concerned and  very dismayed and very disappointed that we did not take this moment in  time to do the right thing on behalf of our servicemembers to have a  military justice system that is worthy of their sacrifice.   I yield the floor.   