 Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues in  support of the Build Back Better plan budget resolution, which  recognizes that care infrastructure is critical infrastructure.  [[Page S6076]]    We know that our economy has not been working for working families.  Then, we saw a pandemic make a precarious situation even worse for  families across the entire country.   Our economy cannot fully recover and will not survive another  pandemic or health emergency if people can't keep their jobs or get  back to work. That won't happen until we start providing the economic  support that we have actually needed for decades--support like  childcare, universal pre-K, and universal paid leave.   Paid leave is what allows people to keep their jobs when they get  sick. It allows parents to stay home with children who are ill or  forced to learn remotely. It lets hard-working people care for their  aging parents. And, right now, far too many people don't have access to  it. More than 8 in 10 workers lack access to paid leave, and they are  often left to make the very impossible choices of: Do I care for my  loved one? Do I stay by the bedside of my mother as she is dying or do  I earn a paycheck and feed my children?   Those are choices that we shouldn't be forcing the American workforce  to have to make every single day.   So this budget reconciliation will help end the United States' reign  of being the only industrialized country in the world that doesn't have  access to paid family and medical leave for all workers.   I have been fighting alongside Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro for years  to pass the bill. Our bill is called the FAMILY Act, the model for the  Build Back Better plan's paid leave program, which would provide  every--nearly every worker with up to 12 weeks of paid leave. It will  provide stability to workers, to families, to companies, and to our  U.S. economy.    Now, this is the moment that we can actually make it happen. This  budget also recognizes the essential nature of the childcare industry.  Nearly 27 million people rely on childcare just so they can go to work  and feed their children.   First, childcare is not readily available. Childcare deserts and  shortages across the country leave families without local options.  Before the pandemic in New York, there was one slot for every four  children who wanted access to affordable, high-quality daycare. After  the pandemic, there was one slot for every eight children who wanted  access to affordable, quality daycare. In New York, a year of childcare  is often more expensive than a year of in-State college tuition.   Those problems were exacerbated by the pandemic. Staffing at  childcare centers, which was already a problem pre-pandemic, is now  down 15 percent. This budget will help us make the critical investments  that are so long overdue. Childcare investments ensure families have  access to high-quality care that cost low- and middle-income families  no more than 7 percent of their income.   It also recognizes the nature of childcare as essential work.  Childcare providers are essential workers, and they deserve a long  overdue raise. This investment is critical to our economic recovery and  will help working parents get back to the office, get back to their  jobs and know that their children are safe and having access to that  critical early childhood education.   Every parent in America knows that if their child has the chance from  0 to 5 to be in early childhood education, every dollar you put into  early childhood education results in over $11 of benefit to society for  that individual child over their lifetime. It is such an important  investment.   The Build Back Better plan invests in universal pre-K. It will not  only help more parents of young children return to work, but it also  ensures that those children get that early access to early childhood  education, that high-quality learning gives them access to  understanding their numbers, their letters, early reading, early math  that is essential for them being able to thrive.   These forms of care infrastructure are what make the difference  between a family surviving or a family thriving, and that is what this  country needs to actually recover from this global pandemic.   These investments are just as important as our investments in roads  and bridges and sewers and clean water and clean air and high-speed  rail and rural broadband. All of that matters and, together, that is  how we recover from this economy. This is the moment to make this once- in-a-generation investment in the future of our families, the future of  our middle class, the future of our economy, and this is something that  we can do together.   So I ask all of my colleagues to join us in getting the Build Back  Better plan over the finish line. It is about our families; it is about  our economy; and, most importantly, it is about our future.   I yield the floor.   