 MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair  of the Financial Services Committee for her leadership and support on  this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2989, the  Financial Transparency Act of 2021, a bipartisan bill I introduced with  Financial Services Committee Ranking Member McHenry.   The Financial Transparency Act would require our Nation's financial  regulators to adopt a set of data collection and dispersion standards  for the information they collect under current law, including the  adoption of electronic forms to replace paper-based forms.   All data would be made available in an open-source format that is  electronically searchable, downloadable in bulk, and without license  restrictions.   Under the bill, Treasury is tasked with establishing common data  standards that would allow the standardization and sharing of data  across our financial regulators and the public at large. Such data  standards would include a common legal entity identifier that would  give Treasury an increased ability to provide effective oversight  across our financial markets.   The legal entity identifier is used throughout our financial markets  and regulations today, and this bill would encourage agencies to  continue moving in that direction.   Each financial regulator is then tasked with adopting standards for  the data reported to each agency. The regulators maintain the ability  to tailor its regulations as needed to fit the unique needs of each  entity and have the ability to scale any regulatory requirements in  order to reduce regulatory burdens on smaller entities.   I also want to be clear that this is not imposing new regulatory  burdens on market participants. This is modernizing and making more  transparent the data that is already reported to our regulators and  that the regulators publish today.   The bill also contains important protections to ensure confidential  business  [[Page H5848]]  and supervisory information remains protected.   The end result of this bill will be more transparent and open data  sources and data that is readily comparable across businesses and  sectors.   This is a win-win for regulators, for investors, for the public, for  accuracy, and for industry.   For regulators, they will more easily be able to analyze and search  the data its regulated entities are reporting. This will improve  efficiency and overall government operations.   For investors, open-data publications will allow for easy  searchability and comparability of companies and sectors, empowering  investors to act on up-to-date information.   Industries will be able to automatically report required information  using software in the format required by their regulators.   Mr. Speaker, the Financial Transparency Act builds on past  congressional efforts to make data more accessible, useful, and more  accurate.   This has clear benefits for our regulators, investors, and market  participants and would improve the ability of our regulators to monitor  financial stability and therefore the safety and soundness of our  financial markets.   Before I close, I want to take a moment to thank Ranking Member  McHenry and his staff for their work and coordination on this important  effort. I also want to thank Chairwoman Waters and her staff for  working with me on advancing this bill.   This was truly a bipartisan effort, and we would not be here without  everyone working in the same direction.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting the  Financial Transparency Act.   