 Mr. Speaker, I do welcome everybody in this  Chamber to New Mexico, which is indeed one of the beautiful places that  I get to call home. But you know what, New Mexico, my beautiful place I  call home is also ground zero for the climate crisis.   The West is experiencing a devastating drought, coupled with damaging  wildfires, and these are caused, undoubtedly, by the climate crisis we  are experiencing. My beautiful State is also home to both the Permian  and the San Juan Basins. And because of that, we also have some of the  highest levels of methane pollution. We also have some of the highest  levels of asthma rates among our beautiful children.   And every bit of methane that is released is wasted. It is wasted. It  is a valuable resource that is released into the air by methane  venting, through flaring, and simply because they have not maintained  their sites.   But methane that is released and flared and leaked is also a resource  upon which my State cannot collect severance taxes, upon which my State  cannot collect royalties. And so when that methane is leaked and flared  and vented, those same children who are suffering from those high  asthma rates, they lose the resources that should go into our public  education.    Mr. Speaker, I will say that my State--which needs every little  nickel and dime, because we are a poor State, and which relies on those  oil and gas revenues--what did we do? We recently enacted some of our  own rules to curb methane emissions from oil and gas activity, and  these rules are now considered to be the best in the country.   If New Mexico can lead the way, we can follow it here in Congress,  because taking action at the Federal level is reasonable, it is common  sense.   As Don Schreiber, one of my constituents and a rancher in New Mexico  who has those issues on his site says, ``New Mexicans built our oil and  gas infrastructure, and these same communities can now design,  manufacture, and install the technology to monitor and prevent methane  emissions.''   Because you know what? Regulation spurs innovation, and we are  looking forward to that innovation and those good jobs that will come  from the methane regulation that we will have now when we overturn this  rule.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Senator Heinrich, for  introducing and advancing this legislation in the Senate, and my great  colleagues here, Representatives DeGette, Lamb, and Pallone for  advancing and championing the cause of my wonderful children and  students and State here on this rule.    Mr. Speaker, I would also like to bring to this  body's attention that this resolution will actually put New Mexico on  the same playing field as the rest of the country because, as I noted  earlier, New Mexico has now adopted some of the strictest methane  regulations in the country.   And those regulations, similar to what we are seeing now, were  adopted in consultation and with the support of many in the oil and gas  industry who participated in the rulemaking, who recognize that it is  in their best interest to operate in a manner that is safe, in a manner  that does not lose this precious resource. That is how we came to our  regulations in New Mexico.   But we are at a disadvantage in New Mexico because, as it was noted  earlier, if some States have nice, good regulations with regard to  methane emissions and others don't, then in the Permian Basin, for  example, what would stop a company from saying: I am going to drill in  Texas and not in New Mexico because they are protecting our environment  in New Mexico?   So what I look forward to seeing is having New Mexico be at the same  place as the rest of the country, so that we are not losing our  drilling to Texas, who doesn't have it. Mr. Speaker, I like the idea of  everybody has the same set of rules.   