 Madam Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague,  Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee, for her remarks; Congresswoman Brenda  Lawrence; and my leader, my friend, my sister, and my mentor who is the  chairwoman of the CBC, Joyce Beatty.   As I rise to make my first CBC Special Order hour speech, I would  first like to thank my esteemed Congressional Black Caucus colleagues  for welcoming me with open arms after I was sworn in as their newest  member days ago; for playing a critical role getting the bipartisan  infrastructure bill across the finish line, and for shining the  spotlight today on another critical piece of the President's agenda,  the Build Back Better Act.   Madam Speaker, the Congressional Black Caucus is often called the  conscience of the Congress for good reason. The bipartisan  infrastructure bill signed into law today by President Biden is a  historic win for our economy, our communities, and the people of my  district and from across this Nation.   Its provisions, from rebuilding our roads and bridges to expanding  broadband access and ensuring every person has access to safe drinking  water, are supported by an overwhelming majority of Americans. That is  why politicians have talked about getting infrastructure done for  years. But today, with critical support from the CBC, we are delivering  results--real results--for the people.   But our work does not end there. We know the many challenges that  have been holding families and our economy back for generations: high  healthcare costs, lack of access to affordable childcare, rising  prescription drug prices, students locked out of higher education  opportunities, and shameful increases in food and housing insecurity.  We know that Black communities have been disproportionately impacted by  these many challenges for far too long.   The answer to these challenges is not just more failed tax giveaways  for huge corporations. The answer is to make investments in families to  improve their lives, boost their paychecks, and lower their kitchen  table costs.   The Build Back Better Act delivers desperately needed action to  tackle these challenges and lower the everyday costs that burden  working families. It lowers healthcare costs by allowing Medicare to  negotiate lower drug costs for seniors and expanding the ACA to bring  down rising premiums. It provides universal preschool for all 3- to 4- year-olds giving every student a chance to have a head start. It  expands access to higher education by raising the maximum Pell grant  and making large investments in HBCUs and other minority-serving  institutions. It includes critical provisions to ensure no child goes  hungry and every American has a roof over their head.    Our task now is to pass a bill that reflects the President's agenda  and our values: to promote equity, to ensure everyone has the  opportunity to find a good-paying job, and to put money back in the  pockets of American families by lowering the costs of living. Together  with the bipartisan infrastructure bill, the Build Back Better agenda  is going to create millions of jobs, reduce poverty, and rebuild the  backbone of our country--the middle class. This is what delivering for  the American people looks like.   