 Mr. President, let me begin my remarks tonight by  expressing my heartfelt gratitude to the members of the law enforcement  community and the National Guard whose hard work and courage made it  possible for us to resume our deliberations tonight.   We return to this Chamber tonight undeterred by the violence we  witnessed and strengthened in our determination to fulfill our  constitutional duty. The Constitution is the foundation of our American  democracy, and the Constitution is what must guide our decisions on the  Presidential election.   The process the Constitution sets forth for electing Presidents  through the electoral college is straightforward. The people vote.  Electors are chosen. The electors vote. Then Congress counts the  electors' votes.   That final step in the process is why we have convened today.  Counting the votes of the electors, a function that the 12th Amendment  assigns to Congress, is an administrative and largely ceremonial act.  Our job is simply to count the votes certified by each State--nothing  more. We should not attempt to usurp the roles of the voters, the  States, or the electoral college.   The American people have done their job, turning out in record  numbers to vote in the midst of a frightening pandemic. Indeed, as a  percentage of the voting-eligible population, the turnout was the  highest in 120 years. Similarly, in the midst of this pandemic,  hundreds of election officials and volunteers have done their job,  staffing polling places and faithfully counting and often recounting  votes. The States have done their job by certifying the election  results.   Now, I have heard the proponents of these objections raise questions  about whether the various States conducted their elections properly.  When disputes over elections arise, candidates are able to appeal to  our legal system, not Congress, for recourse.   In the 2 months since the 2020 election, the President's lawyers and  allies have had the opportunity to make their arguments and challenge  election results before the courts. Notably, every one of nearly 60  lawsuits they have brought forward have been rejected. In fact, the  Supreme Court has twice refused to hear their election challenges.   We must abide by these rulings. The time has now come for Congress to  do its job. We should affirm the certified results of each State by  counting the votes of their electors. Altering the results of the  electoral college would set a terrible precedent in which the party in  control of Congress could override the will of the voters and overrule  our courts to unilaterally choose the next President. One Senator  attempted such a maneuver after the election in 2004, and the Senate  overwhelmingly rejected that effort. The Senate has demonstrated by its  vote tonight that it will follow that precedent and do so again.    Today--tonight, Mr. President, I will continue to vote to reaffirm  the foundation of our democracy, the Constitution of the United States.  And I will reject these challenges to the electoral college.   Thank you, Mr. President.   