 Mr. President, I am pleased to join with my colleagues in  urging the Senate to allow this widely supported bipartisan amendment  to move forward.   I want to thank Ranking Member Toomey, Senator Warner, Senator  Portman, Senator Sinema, and Chairman Wyden. Chairman Wyden, in  particular, thank you for your early commitment to me to get this right  and for your partnership.   The amendment before us specifies that persons who validate  distributed ledger data, including digital asset miners and stakers,  and those who provide hardware and software wallets, are not required  to report customer information to the Internal Revenue Service. This is  essential because those persons would not have access to the customer  information necessary to comply with this requirement anyway.   Equally important in this amendment are clarifications to the  definition of ``broker'' that will ensure that software protocol  developers will not be swept up in IRS reporting requirements.  Developers are the lifeblood of innovation and subjecting them to  reporting would have far-reaching implications on privacy and on the  evolution of technology in this country, not to mention that most  developers would not have access to useful data.   This bill is very likely going to become law, and it is important  that these changes become law along with the bill. That is why I urge  my colleagues not to let the perfect be the enemy of the good.   I recognize there is dissatisfaction on both sides of the aisle with  the lack of opportunity to offer amendments and to expedite debate.   However, I ask you to weigh those concerns against the importance of  providing millions of Americans with additional clarity on the scope of  their coming obligations to the IRS.   America is a country of innovation. Right now, our financial system  is evolving before our eyes in much the same way that the internet  first began to find a foothold in the mid-1990s. Distributed ledgers,  digital assets, and other forms of financial technology are in the  early stages of transforming the way we share and store value.   This amendment has started the debate on many difficult questions  related to financial technology that the Senate must address over the  next few years. We are reacting to what was put before us. I wish that  we were implementing from the get-go, but that is not where we find  ourselves today. So  [[Page S6084]]  let's get this broker definition as good as possible now and then move  forward this fall with other definitions that will be important to  producing a regulatory sandbox for digital assets that allows  innovators to keep innovating.   We are in a difficult space right now. We are transitioning from the  industrial economy to technology, and it is a bumpy ride. It is  disruptive for all of us, especially those of us who grew up at the end  of the industrial age and are so new to this technology age. But we can  adapt, we can be helpful, and we can help forge a very reasonable place  for the innovators to work from.   There is a proverb that says: ``A journey of 1,000 miles begins with  a single step.''   This amendment is the very first step in a long journey, and we are  all going to take it together. This journey is about America renewing  its commitment to innovation and retaining its role as the leader in  the global economy for future generations.   I look forward to working with each of you to make sure we get there,  and I promise to be a partner to anyone willing to listen and learn.   I urge my colleagues not to object and to allow this amendment to  proceed to adoption.   I yield back to the Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Toomey.   