 Mr. Speaker, the book of Isaiah recounts how the prophet  Isaiah began his service. In a time of darkness, the Lord asks, ``Whom  shall I send? And who will go for us?''   Isaiah's response was to volunteer for service: ``Here am I; send  me.''   When their nation called them to serve, so said a generation of  American servicemembers, diplomats and intelligence officers: ``Here am  I; send me.''   Two months ago tomorrow, thirteen of those servicemembers were killed  as they helped bring nearly 130,000 Americans, allies and Afghan  partners to safety.   That action was one of profound valor, selflessness and sacrifice,  for which the Congress and Country are united in grief and in  gratitude.   We salute and pray for: Marine Corps Staff Sgt. Darin T. Hoover (Salt  Lake City, Utah); Marine Corps Sgt. Johanny [jo-HAN-nee] Rosario  Pichardo (Lawrence, Massachusetts); Marine Corps Sgt. Nicole L. Gee  [JEE] (Sacramento, California); Marine Corps Cpl. Hunter Lopez (Indio,  California); Marine Corps Cpl. Daegan [day-gan] Page (Omaha, Nebraska);  Marine Corps Cpl. Humberto A. Sanchez (Logansport, Indiana); Marine  Corps Lance Cpl. David L. Espinoza (Rio Bravo, Texas); Marine Corps  Lance Cpl. Jared M. Schmitz (St. Charles, Missouri); Marine Corps Lance  Cpl. Rylee J. McCollum (Jackson, Wyoming); Marine Corps Lance Cpl.  Dylan R. Merola (Rancho Cucamonga, California); Marine Corps Lance Cpl.  Kareem M. Nikoui [neh-KOO-ee] (Norco, California); Navy Hospitalman  Maxton W. Soviak (Berlin Heights, Ohio); and Army Staff Sgt. Ryan C.  Knauss [kuh-nows] (Corryton, Tennessee).   Today, we honor their heroism by awarding them the Congressional Gold  Medal: the highest honor that the Congress can bestow.   Their service brings great honor to our country, and their being  awarded this honor brings luster to this award.   As we honor the heroism of the fallen, we salute each member of our  military, intelligence and diplomatic communities who conducted this  evacuation--and all who have served or are serving our country.   We pray for all fighting for our freedoms and for their families. And  we pray for the people of Afghanistan and in the region.   