 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3469, which  will provide statutory authority for the ``Boots to Business'' program,  which provides entrepreneurship training to individuals, such as  veterans and active service members, to be administered by the Small  Business Administration.   I want to first thank my colleague, Representative Schneider, for  introducing this legislation that will help veterans who served our  country with honor and bravery, transition from military to civilian  life.  [[Page H6087]]    Administered through the Office of Veteran Business Development in  the Small Business Administration (SBA), the B2B program offers  transitioning service members and military spouses a foundational two- day, in-person course for an introduction to business ownership which  can be followed by optional online courses on topics including market  research, business fundamentals, and revenue readiness.   Since B2B launched in 2013, more than 50,000 service members and  spouses have participated in the program.   The Veteran Entrepreneurship Training Act of 2021 would authorize  this program for five years.   Honorable Americans who serve this nation deserve to be equipped with  the training, expertise, and tools they need to make a successful  career transition from the Armed Services.   This program offers critical courses that provide deep insight into  starting and running a business and can make the difference for so many  of our brave service men and women.   It is important that our heroic veterans continue to have the  opportunity to participate in the ``Boots to Business'' program and  pursue their business and entrepreneurial goals.   The U.S. Census shows that 5.7 million individuals are employed by a  recorded 2 million veteran-owned businesses.   Veterans are 45 percent more likely to be self-employed than those  who have no military background.   Many of the leadership, problem solving, and communications skills  learned in the armed forces translate to entrepreneurial and business  success, and the ``Boots to Business'' program does immeasurably  important work helping veterans start and grow businesses.   Our veterans deserve the upmost respect, and part of this is giving  them the tools they need to succeed.   I am proud to support this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3462, the  ``SBA Cyber Awareness Act,'' which will strengthen our knowledge of  cybersecurity threats to the small businesses of America.   In short, this bill mainly requires that the Small Business  Administration (SBA) conduct an annual report that assesses the  cybersecurity infrastructure of the SBA.   Mr. Speaker, the unfortunate reality is that our Nation's small  businesses are under attack--they are increasingly the target of  cybersecurity breaches.   In fact, the SBA has listed IT security as one of the most serious  management challenges facing the administration for more than twenty  years.   Fifty percent of small businesses say that it is likely they will  experience a cyberattack in the next twelve months.   One in four small businesses indicate that they are facing more  cyberattacks compared to a year ago.   Small businesses are the backbone of this country, and we owe it to  them to be diligently aware of threats to their private information and  their livelihoods.   That is why I rise in ardent support of the SBA Cyber Awareness Act,  and that is why the bill has bipartisan backing.   Lastly, I want to thank Congressman Crow and Congresswoman Kim for  introducing and shepherding this bill.   