 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the  Center for Audit Excellence and its mission in supporting and assisting  auditing organizations domestically and internationally.   A part of the Government Accountability Office, the Center for Audit  Excellence provides training and assistance to auditing organizations,  fostering accountability from local governments in the United States  and foreign governments across the globe.   One of the Center's most essential missions is aiding supreme audit  institutions of nations that receive U.S. foreign assistance. This  helps instill good governance and ensures that U.S. tax dollars are  being used efficiently.   Currently, the Center for Audit Excellence is funded almost  exclusively by fees. They do not have dedicated funding and must rely  on USAID missions or local and foreign governments approaching them for  their services. Providing dedicated funding will allow for the Center  to have more predictable budget cycles and will expand their reach in  helping governments establish sound audit practices.   Not only is there a need for dedicated funding, but there is also a  need for more funding at the Center for Audit Excellence. Providing  more funding will expand the Center's global footprint and reach more  countries' supreme audit institutions. This critical funding would help  ensure that governments around the globe and here at home in the United  States have the training and assistance to strengthen oversight  capacity and reduce government waste.   Helping to build auditing capacity cuts down on government corruption  and promotes good governance. Within the U.S., enhanced auditing  capacity  [[Page H4165]]  strengthens local government practices so they better respond to their  citizens' needs. Internationally, greater auditing capacity helps low- income and developing nations increase accountability and the  responsible use of public funds.   The United States provides billions of dollars of foreign assistance  each year, and even more is sent to State and local governments.  Providing dedicated funding for the Center for Audit Excellence will  help ensure that U.S. tax dollars are spent wisely and as intended.   