 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Meeks and Ranking  Member McCaul for their leadership on this critical issue and for  working with me on this bill to get it not only passed out of  committee, but here on the floor for consideration on a suspension  basis.   I have had a really eclectic background before joining Congress, but  most recently, I was a high school chemistry teacher in north  Philadelphia, and I also ran a nonprofit focused on early childhood  literacy for pre-K through fourth-grade kids. So I am particularly  passionate about the issue that we are talking about today.   Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to rise today to ask my colleagues for  their support of H.R. 1500, the Global Learning Loss Assessment Act.   My bill will direct the U.S. Agency for International Development to  submit a report to Congress on the impacts of COVID-19 on the Agency's  basic education programs and global learning.   Investing in global education is not a humanitarian issue. It is an  economic and national security issue. A more educated global population  paves the way for a more stable global economy, and what is clear is  that COVID-19 has caused a dramatic loss in global learning.   Our first step must be to clearly identify the scope of this loss so  that we can begin the work of bridging that gap. The estimates are  alarming. Ninety percent of students worldwide, meaning 1.6 billion  youth, have had severe interruptions in their education due to COVID- 19. This gap has the potential to hinder global efforts on economic  justice, lasting peace, poverty eradication, ending world hunger,  gender equity, and so much more.   As a steadfast advocate for women and girls around the world, I am  also particularly concerned about the harrowing consequences that  school-aged girls face in light of school closures, including an  increased likelihood of gender-based violence.   To shore up the increasing gaps in learning and to preserve massive  gains the United States has made in global education rates, we have to  understand the extent of damage this pandemic has caused. This bill  will arm us with the data that we need to move quickly, invest  effectively across our USAID programs, and make our international basic  education programs more resilient to crises such as these.   We cannot afford to ignore the devastating effects that COVID-19 has  had on students around our globe. Education loss will continue without  intentional steps on our behalf, and so that is why I am so grateful to  Speaker Pelosi, Chairman Meeks, and Mr. McCaul for placing my  bipartisan Global Learning Loss Assessment Act here before the Congress  for a vote today.   In particular, I want to thank and express my deep appreciation to  Representative Fitzpatrick and Representative Quigley for working so  closely with my office in introducing this legislation with me.   Their steadfast education to learning and students around the world  is to be commended. This is an important bill, and I urge all of my  colleagues to join me in this crucial effort to mitigate the drastic  effects of such an educational gap and the effects it is already  having.  [[Page H3185]]        