 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise in support of Isabella Guzman,  currently the director of California's Office of the Small Business  Advocate--the Presiding Officer's State--to be the Administrator of the  U.S. Small Business Administration.   We all know the importance of small businesses and how they have been  hit so hard during this pandemic. Small businesses employ nearly half  of all private sector workers and make outsized contributions to the  innovation that makes America's economy strong. Yet the coronavirus has  put millions of people out of business, hundreds of thousands of these  mom-and-pop, brick-and-mortar retail shops out of business, and  restaurants out of business.   We are so pleased that there is, as we say in Minnesota, a lighthouse  that we are looking to now. I was up in Duluth on Sunday, and instead  of the light at the end of the tunnel, which so many of us talk about  with regard to the end of this pandemic, the mayor there referred to it  as a lighthouse, for they have a lot of lighthouses on Lake Superior.  The end of this pandemic is our lighthouse. We see the blinking lights  from a distance, but we know we are not there yet. To get there, we not  only need to get this vaccine to every person--and the President has  said we will have vaccines available by the end of May for every adult  in America--but we have to get it distributed, and our pandemic bill  certainly is going to be a major step toward getting that done.   We also need to get our business economy back in order. We need to be  able to not be so far down in the ground that we can't climb out of  where we are. That is why having Ms. Guzman in place--someone with her  record and her ability to lead and who served as the Deputy Chief of  Staff and as the Senior Adviser at the Small Business Administration  during the Obama administration--is so important.   She will oversee the Paycheck Protection Program, which we  established on a bipartisan basis in March of 2020 as part of the CARES  Act, as she understands the need for greater equity in loan  distribution and has shown a commitment to transparency and accurate  loan data. She has made clear that she will make the Paycheck  Protection Program more accessible to businesses that have  traditionally not had access to the banking relationships needed to  secure loans and grants.   Very significantly to me and to those of us who worked on the Save  our Stages bill, including Senator Cornyn of Texas, who led the bill  with me, she has made clear that she will move on the grant program  immediately. We have been working with the staff there, and we have  given these venues that have been shuttered--the first to close and the  last to reopen--the ability to access PPP loans, which is really  important right now. We also want to get the grant program out  immediately--get that money out--and distribute over $16 billion in  grants. Our venues can't wait. They need that relief. Ms. Guzman will  be key to leading our way out of this and helping Senator Schumer with  his theaters in New York to the Fargo Theatre in North Dakota. We need  to get this done.   We just passed restaurant relief as part of the American Rescue  Plan--a major, major bill--with the $28.6 billion Restaurant  Revitalization Fund, which is going to be so key. I was at The Block  Food & Drink restaurant in Saint Louis Park on Sunday and then headed  up to Duluth, to the Boat Club, with the mayor and the owners of the  Boat Club. There were stories I heard of servers who had been laid off,  then came back, laid off, then came back, and there were stories I  heard about the owners of some of these restaurants in their taking out  repeated loans. They are hanging in there, and we need to have their  backs.   One out of six restaurants in this country has permanently closed  down during the pandemic. As the leader of the antitrust subcommittee  in the Senate, we don't want to just give all of our food service and  action in the restaurant area to the big guys. We are pleased we have  successful restaurant chains in this country, but that can't be the  only thing we have. That is why helping these smaller venues is so  important.   Ms. Guzman gets that. She is a lifelong proponent of small businesses  and is the daughter of a small business owner. As a former  entrepreneur, this makes her the right person for this job at a pivotal  time in the life of our country. She has the backing of the U.S.  Chamber of Commerce and numerous trade organizations. I know her  leadership at the SBA will put our struggling businesses in the best  hands.   I ask my colleagues to support the nomination of Isabella Guzman to  be Administrator of the Small Business Administration. The Presiding  Officer must be proud to have someone who has done such good work in  California in this job. We are excited about her and what she can do   