 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Leger Fernandez. We  are excited to be here. This is a really important evening.   Mr. Speaker, do you know why?   It is because we are talking about why this is so important that we  get Build Back Better accomplished.   Like a great team that the Democrats are--and I want to talk about  that, if I may, with our chair's permission.   We are a team. I am frustrated with the media and anybody who is  saying  [[Page H5772]]  that we are not a team right now. We are ready to go. Ninety-nine  percent now, as of today, and I do mean that number, 99 percent of us  are on the same page. We just have to get a little bit more done. So I  am asking the media to report accurately. I am asking all of the  Americans who are watching me to understand we are ready to go. We are  a team.   I want to talk about how big this package is. It is trillions of  dollars. So think of it this way, Mr. Speaker, if two trillion-dollar  companies came together, it would take probably 2 to 3 years to  integrate it. We are doing it in a matter of weeks and months. We are  going to do it well and precisely, and we are going to get it done. So  teams get things done in an orderly fashion, and we are going to get  this done.   But let me talk about something that is really frustrating to me and  really irritating, and that is when folks talk about the labor  shortage. The real issue is that we have a childcare shortage. We have  a healthcare shortage. We have an affordable housing shortage. We have  shortage of affordable pre-K. And there is a shortage of folks being  paid properly for hard work.   This is particularly frustrating when I hear that there is a labor  shortage and then our friends across the aisle block every single  possible thing we can do to make that better and to boost our economy,  so that is super frustrating for me.   By the way, Mr. Speaker, you can't say we have a labor shortage and  then block immigration. It just doesn't work that way. You can't say  immigrants are stealing jobs. It doesn't work. It is common sense. It  is math. So it doesn't work.   But let me say something else, Mr. Speaker, if we do things like  expanding paid leave and medical leave, if we make sure that folks have  access to childcare and have free childcare, guess what?   Moms can get back to work because moms--let's be honest about it-- moms are frequently the primary caregiver. We can get them back to  work. Mr. Speaker, 300,000 of our moms in this Nation have been forced  to quit so they can take care of their kids.   Someone mentioned something else that is astonishing, not that it is  just 300,000 people who have left the workforce of the female nature,  it is that in addition to that, about 70--when you take all of the  sources of childcare, whether it is YMCA, moms and dads who are in  other jobs and working three jobs at a time, or it is our school  system, or just general daycare and childcare--about 70 percent of our  childcare system was lost during the pandemic. So, of course, it is  hard to get a break, because guess what?   The reason we had this amazing package set up this way that we had  roads and bridges that will be repaired, and broadband delivered, as  well as childcare and healthcare and in-home healthcare and all of the  things on the human infrastructure side, do you know why? Because when  mom and dad go to fix a bridge, they need somebody to watch their kids  all day. That is why this works so well together, and that is why we  have to pass this. That is why we are doing this because it is a super  practical thing to do.    Every dollar in this package will get infused right back into the  economy--right back. So this is really brilliant in every way. It is  very practical, and it is founded within our great principles, our  economic principles.   And guess what, Mr. Speaker? It is founded in capitalism because  supply and demand are working beautifully in this package, and we are  going to get this done.   I thank the gentlewoman for having us tonight. It is a joy to have my  friend and everything she does.   