 Mr. Speaker, soon we will take a bipartisan  vote on the Background Checks Act, a bill which could save lives in  every district of our Nation. Expanding background checks will help  prevent guns from getting into the hands of those who may be a danger  to themselves or others. This is a simple commonsense solution to a  worsening problem in our Nation.   Even in 2020, when many people were at home during the raging COVID- 19 pandemic, we lost more than 41,000 people to gun violence. That  number includes nearly 300 children under the age of 11. My heart  breaks for their parents. But heartbreak will do little to comfort  those mourning families, and we know well enough by now it will do  nothing to prevent any future tragedies.   It is time for us to step up to say enough is enough. It is time for  our families to be able to play in the park, drive a car on the  expressway, or on a bus, or other things we take for granted without  fear of gun violence. We need to pass legislation that will save  precious lives.   I ask: How many funerals have you attended?   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 8, expand  background checks, and make our Nation safer.    Mr. Speaker, experts estimate that the  Charleston loophole has allowed more than 75,000 guns to fall into the  hands of prohibited gun owners.   The Enhanced Background Checks Act is a necessary and straightforward  fix to close this loophole and allow the FBI to investigate potentially  dangerous individuals.   This bill would simply increase the time Federal investigators have  to complete background checks on gun sales from 3 to 10 days, 1 week's  time. That is all we are asking for, an additional week for  investigators to ensure that there is no reason the person who is  buying a gun should not have one. Think of the lives that could be  saved or could have been saved by allowing that extra 7 days.   Mr. Speaker, I think we can agree that gun ownership is a serious  responsibility. There is no need to rush through a background check  with so much at stake. This bill is an urgently needed tool in gun  violence prevention.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to once again pass H.R. 1446 and  close the Charleston loophole.   