 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the radical, partisan, and  utterly shameful PRO Act.   This unnecessary bill is an assault on American workers, employers,  and the economy. Democrats are pushing this sweeping legislation  without holding a single committee hearing or markup.   Is this the new standard for the people's House?   It silences the minority and their constituents by denying a thorough  examination of yet another extreme and  [[Page H1138]]  damaging Democrat legislative scheme. It is disgraceful.   The pro-union bosses' act that Democrats have disingenuously titled  the PRO Act is a left-wing wish list of union boss priorities, which  undermines the rights of workers by forcing them to pay into a union  system, whether or not they want to be represented by a union.   Many workers would not choose to funnel billions of their hard-earned  dollars to left-wing groups like Planned Parenthood, the Clinton  Foundation, the Progressive Democrats of America.   This misguided bill also stunts economic recovery by hitting  employers over the head with an estimated $47 billion in new annual  costs. But it is not just employers who will pay the price. This bill  will reclassify gig economy workers as employees, costing tens of  thousands of workers their jobs and eliminating the flexibility so many  rely on to care for their family members; a priority even more critical  during the COVID-19 pandemic.   The appalling list of bad policy provisions in this bill goes on, and  we will hear more about them during this debate. The bottom line is  this, the PRO Act is a sorry excuse for legislation, and the partisan  process under which it is being considered is equally embarrassing. I  urge all Members to reject the PRO Act.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Allen).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Keller).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Illinois (Mrs. Miller).    Mr. Speaker, the Democrats continue to look backward, 100  years backward. Just before COVID hit, we had the greatest economy in  our country ever, the lowest unemployment for women, minorities,  everyone, without the PRO Act.   No procapitalist can support this bill. This is part of a socialist  agenda.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina  (Mr. Murphy).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Fitzgerald).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North  Carolina (Mr. Cawthorn).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Iowa  (Mrs. Miller-Meeks).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Tennessee (Mrs. Harshbarger.)    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Grothman).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Indiana (Mrs. Spartz).    Mr. Speaker, we know that hyperbole is the strong suit of  Democrats, but how anyone can say that giving freedom to workers to  join or not join a union is trampling the rights of workers takes  hyperbole to new heights.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr.  Comer).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time remains on  each side?    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Idaho  (Mr. Fulcher).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Mrs. Steel).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Walberg).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Good).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Arrington).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Hill).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Mrs. Kim).    Mr. Speaker, I am using my inside voice.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Mrs.  Lesko).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Perry).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Indiana (Mr. Banks).    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Indiana an  additional 15 seconds.    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself  the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, this bill is an effort by Democrats to cave to big  labor and special interest groups' demands at the expense of the  American workforce and the economy. Once again, Democrats are  attempting to ram through radical, partisan legislation.   H.R. 842 is radical, backward-looking legislation, which will  diminish the rights of workers and employers while harming the economy  and providing a political gift to labor union special interests.   I thank my Republican colleagues for their hard work in fighting for  American workers and job creators. I urge all of my colleagues to  consider the serious damage that the passage of this bill would do, and  I urge a ``no'' vote.  [[Page H1153]]    Madam Speaker, I reiterate, just before COVID hit, we had a booming,  booming economy without this legislation. This will harm the economy,  harm the American workers, and do great injustice to well-meaning  employers who risk every day their capital and their energy to create  jobs.   Madam Speaker, this bill deserves a ``no'' vote, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Democrat en bloc  amendments. My Democrat colleagues are rushing a radical piece of  legislation to the House floor without holding a single committee  hearing or markup. Rushing sweeping, one-sided legislation to the floor  without any prior debate or consideration this year silences Members of  the minority. This is an outright assault on the legislative process  and serves only to hide the Democrats' socialist agenda.   There are 20 new members on the Education and Labor Committee on both  sides of the aisle, not to mention the dozens of new Members of the  House, and their constituents deserve to have their elected  representatives examine this dangerous bill.   Additionally, the last time the Education and Labor Committee held a  hearing on any version of the PRO Act was July 2019. Since that time, a  worldwide pandemic has devastated large sectors of the American  economy. In light of this fact alone, Congress should hear from  affected stakeholders before passing a radical sweeping bill.   Even more concerning than the muzzle imposed by this sham legislative  process on the minority party and business owners around the country is  the underlying bill's silencing and disenfranchisement of workers. This  far-reaching legislation is nothing more than a union boss wish list  aimed at rewarding Democrats' big labor allies at the expense of  American workers.   Union membership in the United States has been decreasing for over 60  years, and continues to plummet due to the modern economy and unions'  own failings. But instead of increasing transparency and accountability  to serve their members better, labor union leaders are demanding House  Democrats pass the PRO Act to tilt the scales in their favor. Democrats  are doing exactly that, no matter the cost.   Madam Speaker, I would like to remind my colleagues that Federal law  already protects the right of employees to organize, and Republicans  respect that right. But any reforms to U.S. labor laws should help  workers flourish in the modern economy. Unfortunately, the extreme bill  before us today helps union bosses at the expense of workers.   The slate of Democrat amendments included in this en bloc amendment  are ploys disguised as policy intended to provide political cover to  the Democrat Members who are uncomfortable voting for the job- destroying underlying bill, and, in many cases, the amendments included  make the bill even worse.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this partisan en bloc  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Good).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, as the party that claims to champion the working  class, Democrats have certainly missed the mark with this bill.   H.R. 842 will force employers to hand over workers' private, personal  information to union organizers without workers having any say in the  matter or making sure their information will not be shared with others.  This would make it even easier for union organizers to target, harass,  and intimidate workers.   H.R. 842 also overturns all State right-to-work laws. These 27 State  laws allow workers to decide for themselves whether to join a union and  pay dues.   If the PRO Act becomes law, workers will be forced to take money from  their paychecks and give it to labor unions even if they don't want to  be represented by a union. This is astonishing since we know that from  2010 to 2018 unions spent $1.6 billion in member dues on hundreds of  left-leaning groups such as Planned Parenthood, the Clinton Foundation,  and the Progressive Democrats of America without consulting their  members.   The PRO Act will also undermine workers' right to vote by secret  ballot by imposing a biased card-check scheme in which workers could be  unionized without the union winning a secret ballot election. Every  Member of Congress is elected by secret ballot, and House Democrats  elect their own caucus leadership by secret ballot; yet they want to  deprive American workers of that same protection by passing the PRO  Act.   The bill also deprives individuals of entrepreneurial opportunities,  the ability to set their own hours, and the flexibility to care for  children and family members by creating burdensome and discredited  legal standards for determining joint employment and independent  contractor status. The PRO Act means the elimination of the franchise  industry and sharing economy as we know them.   The bottom line is the underlying bill is shameful, and so is the  process under which it is being considered. The Democrats' en bloc  package of amendments does nothing to change that. H.R. 842 is radical,  backwards-looking legislation which will diminish the rights of workers  and employers while harming the economy and providing a political gift  to labor union special interests.   We are better than this.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this en bloc  package, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Republican en bloc  amendments.   Madam Speaker, of the 58 amendments submitted by Republicans,  unfortunately only nine were made in order, and I remind my colleagues  that no committee markup was held on the bill, which prevented any  amendments from being considered prior to today.   The Republican amendments highlight the radical and flawed approach  H.R. 842 takes which would completely unbalance American labor law in  favor of unions while diminishing worker freedom.   I will briefly mention several of the amendments which are included  in this en bloc package: Mr. Allen's amendment strikes the provision  that overturns 27 right-to-work laws which ensure workers do not have  to join or pay dues to a union if they choose not to.   Mr. Comer's amendment strikes the provision that would require  attorney and consultants to disclose to the Federal Government the  agreements they have with employers even if the attorney or consultant  never has any contact with employees.   Mr. Fitzgerald's amendment protects worker paychecks by requiring  that unions receive express consent to spend their money on activities  unrelated to collective bargaining, such as politics.   Mr. Good's amendment highlights the often coercive nature of so- called neutrality agreements entered by an employer and union during an  organizing drive.   Representative Keller's amendment removes the provision that would  allow intermittent strikes which would be incredibly disruptive to  small businesses, and the amendment also removes the provision that  would prohibit employers from replacing workers permanently to keep  businesses open.   Representative Walberg's amendment would give employers a reasonable  amount of time to prepare for a free election hearing which is  especially important for small businesses who have no HR personnel or  in-house attorney.   Mr. Wilson's amendment would ensure that workers across the country  do not have to join or pay dues to a union if that is their choice.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Allen).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Comer).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South  Carolina (Mr. Wilson).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Walberg).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Fitzgerald).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Keller).    Madam Speaker, could I inquire as to how much time is  remaining?    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Good).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank my Republican colleagues for offering  these thoughtful amendments, which would protect the interests and  rights of workers and employers alike. They negate some of the worst  aspects of the PRO Act.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle said that the PRO Act  gives workers the right to form a union. That right has been around  since the 1930s, Madam Speaker. Workers are already free to form a  union, and Republicans do nothing to try to stop that freedom.   What the underlying bill does, however, is take away the freedom not  to belong to a union. That is a fundamental freedom in this country,  and we ought not to be taking that away from the American workers.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on the Republican en bloc amendments and a  ``no'' vote on the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to call up H.R. 682,  the Reopen Schools Act, to get our kids out from behind screens and  back in the classroom.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   