 Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of this amendment, and  I yield myself 3 minutes.   Madam Speaker, I first want to give a little bit of a history lesson  and some information to my colleagues here.   The Virgin Islands and the territories, many of whom are outside of  the customs zone, when one comes to the U.S. Virgin Islands in order to  get to the mainland, you must go through Customs and Border Protection  presenting passport, et cetera, as you would in a foreign country.   My amendment responds to the need for an expedited nonimmigrant  visitor visa program in the U.S. Virgin Islands that is now currently  available to other U.S. territories outside of the U.S. customs zone in  the Pacific, which would aid the Virgin Islands in allowing more  visitors. Specifically, the Virgin Islands is seeking authority to  extend the special nonimmigrant visitor visa waiver program that is  currently available in Guam and Northern Marianas.   Adding the Virgin Islands to this existing nonimmigrant visitor visa  waiver program would allow the Department of Homeland Security to  consider approving visa-less entry into the Virgin Islands up to and  limited to 45 days primarily for residents of neighboring Caribbean  countries. This would better enable the Virgin Islands to compete  economically with other islands and nations in the Caribbean.   It would apply solely to the Virgin Islands, and because we are  outside of the customs zone by law, like other U.S. territories, it  would not allow visa-less entry into any other part of the United  States.   It would allow individuals from other Caribbean islands to come into  the Virgin Islands on an expedited visa process, which would lead to  increased tourism, greater opportunities to host international events,  and support our small business and medical facilities.   For example, the Virgin Islands annually hosts numerous yacht shows  and regattas, which could yield additional economic support, except for  the fact that we have a longer entry for our neighbors to come into the  territories.   Similarly, our young people cannot compete with our neighboring  islands which are much closer to us than the United States. The U.S.  Virgin Islands is over 1,000 miles to Florida, as opposed to the  Bahamas, which is only 180 miles to Miami. Cuba is only 300 miles to  Miami. We are way down the Antilles chain.   This amendment would remain reasonably limited in scope to the  Caribbean community and other countries approved by the Department of  Homeland Security.   The provision also allows the Secretary of Homeland Security to  suspend waivers to any individual or countries if they pose a risk to  law enforcement or security interests of the  [[Page H4813]]  United States or at the secretary's own discretion.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I find it very interesting the concern that my  colleague has for the U.S. Virgin Islands when we don't get the  economic support from that side of the aisle that would allow us to  mitigate the need for opening our shores up to our Caribbean neighbors.   As you can find out, we have received technical assistance from the  Department of Homeland Security Office of the Chief Counsel, as well as  the Office of Field Operations, in the process of developing this visa  program. As I am sure my colleague is aware, under the auspices of this  program, it does authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to  exclude or remove a country from the visa waiver program list if the  Secretary determines inclusion would represent a threat to the welfare,  safety, or security of the United States or its territories and its  commonwealth.   I find the use of birthright tourism in Saipan, if you would look at  the data, is only a very small percentage of the overall visitors and  that the related costs are outweighed by the extreme tourist and  economic benefits to the Pacific.   I also find it interesting that he is concerned about what is  happening on the border at this time, considering that most of the  individuals who are coming through that border are much closer, coming  from countries, including that of Haiti, which are much closer to  Florida than they are to the U.S. Virgin Islands.   The thought that individuals would take the time and the resources to  come to an island nation where they would have to go through Customs  and Border Protection to move into the mainland is in itself a  discussion that negates what he is concerned with.   Additionally, as for drugs, yes, the Virgin Islands does have a  problem with drug transportation, which is going through the U.S.  Postal Service. I don't think any of these visitors would be the  individuals being put into the mail and going through the U.S. Postal  Service.   Madam Speaker, I ask for adoption of this amendment. It is germane,  and it is related and worked through from Homeland Security.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   