 Madam Speaker, I rise to honor one of the  foremost fighters for justice Florida has ever known, Congressman Alcee  Hastings.   Throughout my public service, I have been proud to be associated with  and stand alongside this fierce but gentle and courageous statesman.  The shadow he casts in my own political life is long. It started at the  University of Florida, when I ran for Student Senate side by side with  his son, Alcee ``Jody'' Hastings, II. Twenty years later, I had the  honor and pleasure of serving alongside his father, a man who was my  dear friend and mentor.   Alcee revered this institution, and he loved his 20th District, from  Belle Glade to Broward, and the Sawgrass to Sistrunk. Anyone who knew  him knew he was Florida through and through, and he brought that to  these Halls of power. He valued every part of the cultural and ethnic  mosaic that enriches our great State, and he contributed to that  throughout his life.   With his passing, his constituents lost a brilliant, fearless, and  giant-hearted advocate for the community he so dearly loved. Our folks  back home will miss their ``on his mind, on his tongue,'' firebrand  voice in these Halls of power.   The common refrain among anyone unfortunate enough to follow Alcee  Hastings on a speaking program was: Well, this is the last place on a  program you want to be.   He was a powerful, impactful orator. Here in Congress, as you all  know too well, each of us lost a wise, patient, and humane statesman;  and our delegation lost a seasoned, thoughtful, forceful leader.   Personally, I lost a treasured friend and trusted teacher. I can't  count the times I leaned on him for his honest, perceptive counsel.  Even when I didn't know I needed that advice, Alcee did, and he  provided it generously. Afterwards, I was always grateful for his words  of wisdom.   Alcee Hastings devoted his life to righting the world's wrong. He  championed the most vulnerable, and he himself knew what it meant to  overcome. He fought for human rights at home and abroad. Alcee was a  champion of the U.S.-Israel relationship, and a steadfast friend to the  Jewish community. He knew that Jews and African Americans were much  more alike than we were different, and we often joked about the  similarities.   Years ago, as police brutality stretched the fabric holding our  community together, he and I joined together to ensure that law  enforcement and our people would be able to pledge to protect one  another and had a safe forum to communicate.   When it came to protecting the world's most unique tropical wetlands,  Alcee always spearheaded our Everglades restoration efforts. In just  the last month, he led the delegation in a letter to the President  advocating for record-level funding. Even on battles dearer to me, he  poured his own heart in it.   Alcee was one of my most fierce allies in battling breast cancer.  These last 10 months, I spoke to him almost every day. It was an honor  to cast his proxy vote. Good days or bad, he made sure he personally  told me his vote preferences. Some days he might say in his Alcee kind  of way: Why are we even voting on this?   And I left out some of the choicer words.   I cherished catching up with him every opportunity. Other days, he  would just share his vote, and that call would end far too quickly. No  matter how he felt, he always ended those calls by saying: ``Debbie,  thank you for this.''   He was always gracious, always grateful. But it was I who was  grateful for the gift of this man.   I was also so proud to swear him into this 117th Congress. He took  what he must have known was his final oath with such pride, dignity,  and authority.   In our last conversation, he told me he was at peace.   And why shouldn't he be?   He rose from a young man in the orange groves of the segregated South  to become the first African-American Federal jurist in Florida and part  of a historic 1992 class of the United States Congress. His political  life took him as far off as the Parliamentary Assembly in Europe.   Congressman Hastings did it his way, and he leaves an immense  personal and political legacy, both in these Halls and in our hearts. I  know that I and this hallowed body are better off from having been in  Alcee's midst. And that lasting impression he left behind, we will  always carry with us. May his memory be for a blessing.   