 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. Pocan, for his  kind remarks and for being one of the organizers for tonight's Special  Order.   Tonight, I am here to condemn violence. I am here to speak out in  support of human rights, political rights, and peace. For days, Hamas  and extremists in Gaza have been firing rockets into Israel that have  caused death, destruction, and fear among Israeli citizens.   I condemn Hamas' actions. These attacks must stop.   For 54 years, Israel has been enforcing a brutal military occupation  in the West Bank that has terrorized Palestinian families. And I  condemn Israeli's occupation of Palestine. Israel's occupation must  end.   What we are witnessing in Israel, East Jerusalem, Gaza, and the West  Bank are the bitter fruits of discrimination that has empowered Jewish  extremists and Palestinian extremists. People seeking justice,  equality, and peace, and opportunity are sidelined, silenced, and  dismissed.   We are witnessing the all too familiar cycle of violence between  Israel and Hamas. And, today, we are witnessing Israeli cities at war.  Israeli citizens are attacking each other. Israeli citizens, who are  Jewish and Palestinian, are fighting each other. Adding to this hatred  is Israel's nation-state law and other structural policies of  discrimination that treat Palestinians as second-class citizens.   Now, I want to be clear. Israel has the right to have their security,  and it must be able to defend itself against rockets. But Palestinians  have universally recognized human rights, rights that are not  recognized under Israeli military occupation.   Palestinians have become people without a nation. Palestinians have  no government to defend them when they seek justice when their children  are abused or tortured by Israeli military security forces. Palestinian  families cannot defend themselves when Israeli bulldozers destroy their  homes and turn their land over to Jewish settlers.   Israel is an ally of the United States, and Congress supports Israel  by providing military aid. And I vote for that aid package. The Iron  Dome missile defense system that is stopping Hamas rockets is funded  out of the Committee on Appropriations' Defense Subcommittee, which I  chair. And I support funding for Iron Dome and it will be in the bill  that I write this year.   However, Congress sends $3.8 billion to Israel in the form of  military aid to be unrestricted and unconditioned. No limits.  Proponents of this unrestricted aid to Israel wrote to the Committee on  Appropriations: ``U.S. support of Israel makes the region safer and  bolsters diplomatic efforts at achieving a negotiated two-state  solution, resulting in peace and prosperity for both Israelis and  Palestinians.''   To those who support that statement, here are the facts: There are no  diplomatic efforts to achieve a two-state solution. The Prime Minister  of Israel has repeatedly stated he is committed to annexing Palestinian  lands. There is no peace for Palestinians in East Jerusalem or the West  Bank. There is an Israeli military occupation that abuses and tortures  Palestinian children, demolishes Palestinian homes, and steals  Palestinian land.   The unrestricted, unconditioned $3.8 billion in annual U.S. military  aid enables--it gives a green light to Israel's occupation of Palestine  because there is no accountability and there is no oversight by  Congress. This must change. Not one dollar of U.S. aid to Israel should  go towards the military detention of Palestinian children, the  annexation of Palestinian lands, or the destruction of Palestinian  homes.   I support everyone's universal human rights, including Palestinian  rights, to live in freedom; to live with equality, with security, with  opportunity. I want peace for the people of Israel and the people of  Palestine, and I am willing to do my part to work for justice.   Rockets fired from Gaza must stop. The eviction of Palestinian  families from East Jerusalem must stop. The burning of synagogues and  Arab businesses must stop. And the rightwing extremists that chant  ``Burn the Arabs,'' well, that must stop, too.   There is enough hate and there is enough blame to go around. And this  conflict will not end until there is responsible leadership on both  sides. Peace will not take root until the United States stands up for  human rights and security for all people, and that includes human  rights and security for the Palestinian people.   The Biden administration must work for peace and direct some tough  love to the Israeli Government and to the Palestinian Authority. End  the violence. End the discrimination. End the occupation. Israel  deserves security, and Palestinians deserve self-determination and  freedom.   Tonight, no child should go to bed under the constant fear of  violence. We should all want every Israeli and every Palestinian child  to live with peace, opportunity, hope for the future. And that is what  I am working to achieve with my colleagues.   