 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from  California for her leadership and for adding to this legislation--my  legislation--the For the People Act, adding the Coretta Scott King Mid- Decade Redistricting Prohibition Act that I wrote as long ago as 2006.   Madam Speaker, section 2402 prohibits a State that has been  redistricted in accordance with this legislation from doing it in the  mid-decennial, waiting till the next time, the decennial apportionment;  so no mid-decade kind of redistricting that has been so unhelpful to  all of us.   Madam Speaker, I rise, as well, to support the Swalwell amendments  regarding the college student voting, as well as prohibiting false  voting polling places and adding colleges and universities'  responsibility to give civic information to our students.   I also support the privacy information required by the Speier  amendment to ensure that there is no domestic violence and dating  violence because your voting information gets out.   And I also support the Waters amendment that prohibits  misinformation, which threatens potential voters with civil or legal  penalties if they exercise their right to vote. I can assure you, this  happens in the minority community.   And I do support the 16-years-of-age amendment, because if you can be  on the front lines of civil rights and protest for justice and  democracy, you have the right to vote.   Madam Speaker, let's educate our young people so they can vote. I am  very happy to support the en bloc.   Madam Speaker, as an original cosponsor, I rise today in support of  H.R. 1, the ``For the People Act of 2021,'' which expands access to the  ballot box, reduces the influence of big money in politics, and  strengthens ethics rules for public servants.   Specifically, the For the People Act will:   Make it easier, not harder, to vote by implementing automatic voter  registration, requiring early voting and vote by mail, committing  Congress to reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act and ensuring the  integrity of our elections by modernizing and strengthening our voting  systems and ending partisan redistricting.   Reform the campaign finance system by requiring all political  organizations to disclose large donors, updating political  advertisement laws for the digital age, establishing a public matching  system for citizen-owned elections, and revamping the Federal Election  Commission to ensure there's a cop on the campaign finance beat.   Strengthen ethics laws to ensure that public officials work in the  public interest by extending conflict of interest laws to the President  and Vice President; requiring the release of their tax returns; closing  loopholes that allow former members of Congress to avoid cooling-off  periods for lobbying; closing the revolving door between industry and  the federal government; and establishing a code of conduct for the  Supreme Court.   H.R. 1 expands access to the ballot box by taking aim at  institutional barriers to voting.   This bill ensures that individuals who have completed felony  sentences have their full rights restored and expands early voting and  simplify absentee voting; and modernize the U.S. voting system.   I am particularly proud and appreciative to Chairwoman Lofgren and  Congressman Sarbanes that the For The People Act incorporates in  Section 2402 of the legislation the Coretta Scott King Mid-Decade  Redistricting Prohibition Act that I first offered in 2006 during the  Judiciary Committee markup of the Voting Rights Act of 1965  reauthorization and as standalone legislation in the 114th Congress.   This provision, section 2402, prohibits a State that has been  redistricted in accordance with this legislation from engaging in  redistricting again until after the next decennial apportionment unless  required by a court to do so to comply with the Constitution of the  United States, the Voting Rights Act of 1965, the Constitution of the  State, or the terms or conditions of this subtitle.   Madam Speaker, this legislation is particularly timely because more  than 55 years after the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, we  are still discussing voter suppression--something which should be a  bygone relic of the past, but yet continues to disenfranchise racial  minorities, immigrants, women, and young people.   The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was a watershed moment for the Civil  Rights Movement--it liberated communities of color from legal  restrictions barring them from exercising the fundamental right to  civic engagement and political representation.   But uncaged by Supreme Court's infamous 2013 decision in Shelby  County v. Holder, 570 U.S. 529 (2013), which neutered the preclearance  provision of the Voting Rights Act, 14 states, including my state of  Texas, took extreme measures to enforce new voting restrictions before  the 2016 presidential election.   If is not a coincidence that many of these same states have  experienced increasing numbers of black and Hispanic voters in recent  elections.   If not for invidious, state-sponsored voter suppression policies like  discriminatory voter ID laws, reduced early voting periods, and voter  intimidation tactics that directly or indirectly target racial  minorities, the 2016 presidential election might have had a drastically  different outcome.   Madam Speaker, let me list some of the salutary features of the  legislation that will make it easier for Americans to exercise their  right to vote, the most precious right of all because as President  Johnson said in securing passage of the Voting Rights Act, the right to  vote ``is preservative of all other rights.''   H.R. 1 modernizes the voter registration system by requiring each  state to make available online voter registration, correction,  cancellation, and designation of party affiliation.   In addition, H.R. 1:   Requires states to permit voters to register on the day of a federal  election, including during early voting.   Limits the authority of states to remove registrants from the  official list of eligible voters in elections for federal office in the  state based on interstate voter registration crosschecks .   Requires states to provide annual reports on voter registration  statistics to the Election Assistance Commission.   Provides HAVA funds to implement the voter registration modernization  reforms .  [[Page H1031]]    Makes it unlawful to hinder, interfere or prevent an individual from  registering to vote.   Instructs the Election Assistance Commission to develop best  practices for states to deter and prevent such violations.   H.R. 1 explicitly prohibits `voter caging', the pernicious practice  of using returned non-forwardable mail as the basis for removing  registered voters from the rolls, and it prohibits challenges to  eligibility from individuals who are not election officials without an  oath of good faith factual basis.   Importantly, the legislation prohibits providing false information  about elections to hinder or discourage voting and increases penalties  for voter intimidation.   I support the declaration in the legislation of the right of citizens  to vote in federal elections will not be denied because of a criminal  conviction unless a citizen is serving a felony sentence in a  correctional facility and it requires states and the federal government  to notify individuals convicted of a state or federal felony,  respectively, of their reenfranchisement   H.R. 1 promotes election accuracy, integrity, and security by  requiring states to use individual, durable, voter-verified paper  ballots and that said ballots be counted by hand or an optical  character recognition device and that a voter be given the opportunity  to correct his or her ballot should a mistake be made; and it also  requires that provisional ballots from eligible voters at incorrect  polling places be counted.   The legitimacy and stability of democratic governance is always  enhanced by increased voter participation in elections, so I am very  pleased that H.R. 1 outlaws many practices resorted to by voting  opponents to reduce election participation.   In particular, H.R. 1 requires at least 15 consecutive days of early  voting for federal elections and that early voting locations be near  public transportation, in rural areas, and open for at least 10 hours  per day.   Additionally, the legislation prohibits a state from imposing  restrictions on an individual's ability to vote by mail and requires a  state to carry out a program to track and confirm the receipt of  absentee ballots and to make this information available to the voter  who cast the ballot.   Also, the bill requires the prepayment of postage on return envelopes  for voting materials, which includes any voter registration form, any  application for an absentee ballot, and any blank absentee ballot  transmitted by mail.   Madam Speaker, another important feature of H.R. 1 is that it  promotes voter access by mandating several improvements to election  administration, including:   Treating universities as voter registration agencies;   Requiring states to notify an individual, not later than 7 seven days  before election, if the individual's polling place has changed;   Requiring states to allow voters to sign sworn affidavits to vote in  lieu of presenting photo ID;   Providing accommodations for voters residing in Indian lands;   Ensuring equitable and efficient operation of polling places,  reducing long lines and wait times for voters;   Requiring states to provide secured drop boxes for voted absentee  ballots in elections for federal office;   Prohibiting states from restricting curbside voting;   Imposing requirements for federal election contingency plans in  response to natural disasters and emergencies; and   Clarifying that failure to vote is not grounds for removing  registered voters from the rolls.   Of course, nothing in this legislation prohibits or restricts the  authority of states to provide greater opportunities for voting, and  the bill makes that explicitly clear.   This litany of good measures demonstrates all the many ways and means  through which H.R. 1 expands voter participation and election  integrity, and our experience of the previous four years counsels the  urgency of adopting them.   I am much less confident of the ability of one component of the  bill--the title mandating creation of ``Independent Redistricting  Commissions''--to strengthen our democracy; in fact I believe that  title of the legislation should be stricken because of its potential to  negatively effective marginalized communities and minority groups.   I am not contending that independent redistricting commissions are an  unconstitutional usurpation of authority belonging exclusively to state  legislatures; that argument was presented and rejected by the U.S.  Supreme Court in Arizona State Legislature v. Arizona. Independent  Redistricting Commission, 576 U.S. 787 (2015).   Instead, the nation's experience with independent redistricting  commissions is still in its early stages, and I believe that instead of  mandating a one-size fits all approach, Congress should allow further  experimentation to occur in the states, the ``laboratories of  democracy,'' as they were described by Justice Brandeis in New State  Ice Co. v. Liebmann, 285 U.S. 262 (1932).   In addition, it appears to me that the selection process laid out in  the bill for choosing members of the independent redistricting  commissions is too random and will not result in a commission comprised  of members reflective of the communities directly affected by the work  of the commission, particularly members of racial and language  minorities.   Madam Speaker, the issue of redistricting and how to do it fairly is  a never-ending one, and, as most political scientists agree, it is  virtually impossible to draw most congressional and legislative  districts in ways that are competitive; redistricting exacerbates  geographical polarization, but it does not create it.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 1 must be passed because many of the civil rights  that I fought for as a student and young lawyer have been undermined or  been rolled back by reactionary forces in recent years.   To add insult to injury, the immediately preceding Administration  issued an Executive Order establishing a so-called ``Election  Integrity'' Commission to investigate not voter suppression, but so- called ``voter fraud'' in the 2016 election.   The 45th President and his followers were unceasing in their efforts  to perpetuate the myth of voter fraud, but it remains just that: a  myth.   Between 2000 and 2014, there were 35 credible allegations of voter  fraud out of more than 834 million ballots cast--that is less than 1 in  28 million votes.   An extensive study by social scientists at Dartmouth College  uncovered no evidence to support Trump's hysterical and outrageous  allegations of widespread voter fraud ``rigging'' the 2016 election.   Just for the record, Madam Speaker, the popular vote of the 2016  presidential election was:    Hillary Clinton: 65,853,5160.   Donald Trump: 62,884,8240.    Trump's deficit of 2.9 million was the largest of any Electoral  College winner in history by a massive margin, and despite the  allegations of the current Administration, there have been only 4  documented cases of voter fraud in the 2016 election.   The same is true for the 2020 presidential election, which again  Donald Trump claimed was fraudulent after losing the popular vote to  President Biden by more than 7 million votes, and the Electoral College  by 306-232, the exact margin that he claimed constituted a landslide  and epic blowout when he won the Electoral College vote in 2016.   Again, and just for the record, Madam Speaker, the popular vote of  the 2020 presidential election was:    Joe Biden: 81,281,502.   Donald Trump: 74,222,593.    The Trump Campaign brought more than 63 legal challenges to the 2020  election, claiming the outcomes were tainted by wide-spread and massive  fraud but every court, whether state or federal, and nearly 90 judges,  including Trump appointees, summarily rejected these baseless claims  for failure of proof.   Of course, this did not deter the reckless 45th President who then  went on to threaten and coerce state election officials to corruptly  change vote counts and after that ploy failed, incited his loyalists to  storm the U.S. Capitol and use force and violence if necessary to  prevent the Congress from conducting the constitutionally required  Joint Meeting to count the electoral votes cast and announce the winner  of the presidential election.   Madam Speaker, the Trump Voter Fraud Commission, like many of Trump's  business schemes, was a massive scam built on countless lies that did  not hold up to any level of scrutiny.   As Members of Congress, we should be devoting our time, energy, and  resources addressing Russian infiltration of our election  infrastructure and campaigns, along with other pressing issues.   Instead of enjoying and strengthening the protections guaranteed in  the Voting Rights Act--people of color, women, LGBTQ individuals, and  immigrants--have been given the joyless, exhausting task of fending off  the constant barrage of attacks leveled at our communities by Trump and  other conspiracy theorists.   Not only are we tasked with reversing the current dismal state of  voter suppression against minorities; we are forced to refute the  blatant, propagandist lie of voter fraud.   To this end, I have been persistent in my efforts to protect the  rights of disenfranchised communities in my district of inner-city  Houston and across the nation.   Throughout my tenure in Congress, I have cosponsored dozens of bills,  amendments, and resolutions seeking to improve voters' rights at all  stages and levels of the election process.   This includes legislation aimed at:   Increasing voter outreach and turnout;  [[Page H1032]]    Ensuring both early and same-day registration;   Standardizing physical and language accessibility at polling places;   Expanding early voting periods;   Decreasing voter wait times;   Guaranteeing absentee ballots, especially for displaced citizens;   Modernizing voting technologies and strengthening our voter record  systems;   Establishing the federal Election Day as a national holiday; and   Condemning and criminalizing deceptive practices, voter intimidation,  and other suppression tactics.   Along with many of my CBC colleagues, I was an original cosponsor of  H.R. 9, the Fannie Lou Hamer, Rosa Parks, and Coretta Scott King Voting  Rights Act Reauthorization and Amendments Act, which became public law  on July 27, 2006.   I also authored H.R. 745 in the 110th Congress, which added the  legendary Barbara Jordan to the list of civil rights trailblazers whose  memories are honored in the naming of the Voting Rights Act  Reauthorization and Amendments Act.   This bill strengthened the original Voting Rights Act by replacing  federal voting examiners with federal voting observers--a significant  enhancement that made it easier to safeguard against racially biased  voter suppression tactics.   As noted earlier, in the 114th Congress, I introduced H.R. 75, the  Coretta Scott King Mid-Decade Redistricting Prohibition Act of 2015,  which prohibits states whose congressional districts have been  redistricted after a decennial census from redrawing their district  lines until the next census.   Prejudiced redistricting, or gerrymandering as it is more commonly  known, has been used for decades to weaken the voting power of African  Americans, Latino Americans, and other minorities since the Civil  Rights Era.   Immediately after the Shelby County v. Holder ruling, which lifted  preclearance requirements for states with histories of discrimination  seeking to change their voting laws or practices, redistricting became  a favorite tool for Republicans who connived to unfairly gain 3  congressional seats in Texas.   In the 110th Congress, I was the original sponsor of H.R. 6778, the  Ex Offenders Voting Rights Act of 2008, which prohibited denial of the  right to vote in a federal election on the basts of an individual's  status as a formerly incarcerated person.   The Ex-Offenders Voting Rights Act sought to reverse discriminatory  voter restrictions that disproportionately affect the African American  voting population, which continues to be targeted by mass  incarceration, police profiling, and a biased criminal justice system.   Those of us who cherish the right to vote justifiably are skeptical  of Voter ID laws because we understand how these laws, like poll taxes  and literacy tests, can be used to impede or negate the ability of  seniors, racial and language minorities, and young people to cast their  votes.   Voter ID laws are just one of the means that can be used to abridge  or suppress the right to vote but there are others, including:   Curtailing or Eliminating Early Voting;   Ending Same-Day Registration;   Not counting povisional ballots cast in the wrong precinct on  Election Day;   Eliminating Teenage Pre-Registration;   Shortened Poll Hours;   Lessening the standards governing voter challenges used by  vigilantes, like the King Street Patriots in my city of Houston, to  cause trouble at the polls;   ``Voter Caging,'' to suppress the turnout of minority voters by  sending non-forwardable mail to targeted populations and, once the mail  is returned, using the returned mail to compile lists of voters whose  eligibility is then challenged on the basis of residence under state  law; and   Employing targeted redistricting techniques to dilute minority voting  strength, notably ``Cracking'' (i.e., fragmenting and dispersing  concentrations of minority populations); ``Stacking'' ( combining  concentrations of minority voters with greater concentrations of white  populations); and ``Packing'' (i.e., overconcentrating minority voters  in as few districts as possible).   Madam Speaker, we must not allow our democracy to slide back into the  worst elements of this country's past, to stand idly by as our  treasured values of democracy, progress, and equality are poisoned and  dismantled.   I urge all members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 1, the ``For The  People Act of 2021.''   Madam Speaker, I rise today to discuss the rule governing debate of  H.R. 1, the ``For the People Act of 2021,'' which expands access to the  ballot box, reduces the influence of big money in politics, and  strengthens ethics rules for public servants.   H.R. 1 is intended to increase public confidence in our democracy by  reducing the role of money in politics, restoring ethical standards and  integrity to government, and strengthening laws to protect voting.   I am particularly proud and appreciative to Chairwoman Lofgren and  Congressman Sarbanes that the For The People Act incorporates in  Section 2402 of the legislation the Coretta Scott King Mid-Decade  Redistricting Prohibition Act that I first offered in 2006 during the  Judiciary Committee markup of the Voting Rights Act of 1965  reauthorization and as standalone legislation in the 114th Congress.   This provision, section 2402, prohibits a State that has been  redistricted in accordance with this legislation from engaging in  redistricting again until after the next decennial apportionment unless  required by a court to do so to comply with the Constitution of the  United States, the Voting Rights Act of 1965, the Constitution of the  State, or the terms or conditions of this subtitle.   Madam Speaker, this legislation is particularly timely because more  than 55 years after the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, we  are still discussing voter suppression--something which should be a  bygone relic of the past, but yet continues to disenfranchise racial  minorities, immigrants, women, and young people.   The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was a watershed moment for the Civil  Rights Movement--it liberated communities of color from legal  restrictions barring them from exercising the fundamental right to  civic engagement and political representation.   But uncaged by Supreme Court's infamous 2013 decision in Shelby  County v. Holder, 570 U.S. 529 (2013), which neutered the preclearance  provision of the Voting Rights Act, 14 states, including my state of  Texas, took extreme measures to enforce new voting restrictions before  the 2016 presidential election.   It is not a coincidence that many of these same states have  experienced increasing numbers of black and Hispanic voters in recent  elections.   If not for invidious, state-sponsored voter suppression policies like  discriminatory voter ID laws, reduced early voting periods, and voter  intimidation tactics that directly or indirectly target racial  minorities, the 2016 presidential election might have had a drastically  different outcome.   H.R. 1 expands access to the ballot box by taking aim at  institutional barriers to voting.   Let me list some of the salutary features of the legislation that  will make it easier for Americans to exercise their right to vote, the  most precious right of all because as President Johnson said in  securing passage of the Voting Rights Act, the right to vote ``is  preservative of all other rights.''   H.R. 1 modernizes the voter registration system by requiring each  state to make available online voter registration, correction,  cancellation, and designation of party affiliation.   In addition, H.R. 1:   Requires states to permit voters to register on the day of a federal  election, including during early voting.   Limits the authority of states to remove registrants from the  official list of eligible voters in elections for federal office in the  state based on interstate voter registration crosschecks.   Requires states to provide annual reports on voter registration  statistics to the Election Assistance Commission.   Provides HAVA funds to implement the voter registration modernization  reforms.   Makes it unlawful to hinder, interfere or prevent an individual from  registering to vote.   Instructs the Election Assistance Commission to develop best  practices for states to deter and prevent such violations.   H.R. 1 explicitly prohibits `voter caging', the pernicious practice  of using returned non-forwardable mail as the basis for removing  registered voters from the rolls and it prohibits challenges to  eligibility from individuals who are not election officials without an  oath of good faith factual basis.   Importantly, the legislation prohibits providing false information  about elections to hinder or discourage voting and increases penalties  for voter intimidation.   I support the declaration in the legislation of the right of citizens  to vote in federal elections will not be denied because of a criminal  conviction unless a citizen is serving a felony sentence in a  correctional facility and it requires states and the federal government  to notify individuals convicted of a state or federal felony,  respectively, of their reenfranchisement.   H.R. 1 promotes election accuracy, integrity, and security by  requiring states to use individual, durable, voter-verified paper  ballots and that said ballots be counted by hand or an optical  character recognition device and that a voter be given the opportunity  to correct his or her ballot should a mistake be made; and it also  requires that provisional ballots from eligible voters at incorrect  polling places be counted.   The legitimacy and stability of democratic governance is always  enhanced by increased voter participation in elections, so I am very  [[Page H1033]]  pleased that H.R. 1 outlaws many practices resorted to by voting  opponents to reduce election participation.   In particular, H.R. 1 requires at least 15 consecutive days of early  voting for federal elections and that early voting locations be near  public transportation, in rural areas and open for at least 10 hours  per day.   Additionally, the legislation prohibits a state from imposing  restrictions on an individual's ability to vote by mail and requires a  state to carry out a program to track and confirm the receipt of  absentee ballots and to make this information available to the voter  who cast the ballot.   Also, the bill requires the prepayment of postage on return envelopes  for voting materials, which includes any voter registration form, any  application for an absentee ballot, and any blank absentee ballot  transmitted by mail.   Madam Speaker, another important feature of H.R. 1 is that it  promotes voter access by mandating several improvements to election  administration, including:   Treating universities as voter registration agencies;   Requiring states to notify an individual, not later than 7 seven days  before election, if the individual's polling place has changed;   Requiring states to allow voters to sign sworn affidavits to vote in  lieu of presenting photo ID;   Providing accommodations for voters residing in Indian lands;   Ensuring equitable and efficient operation of polling places,  reducing long lines and wait times for voters;   Requiring states to provide secured drop boxes for voted absentee  ballots in elections for federal office;   Prohibiting states from restricting curbside voting;   Imposing requirements for federal election contingency plans in  response to natural disasters and emergencies; and   Clarifying that failure to vote is not grounds for removing  registered voters from the rolls.   Of course, nothing in this legislation prohibits or restricts the  authority of states to provide greater opportunities for voting, and  the bill makes that explicitly clear.   This litany of good measures demonstrates all the many ways and means  through which H.R. 1 expands voter participation and election integrity  and our experience of the previous four years counsels the urgency of  adopting them.   I am much less confident of the ability of one component of the  bill--the title mandating creation of ``Independent Redistricting  Commissions''--to strengthen our democracy; in fact I believe that  title of the legislation should be stricken because of its potential to  negatively effective marginalized communities and minority groups.   I am not contending that independent redistricting commissions are an  unconstitutional usurpation of authority belonging exclusively to state  legislatures; that argument was presented and rejected by the U.S.  Supreme Court in Arizona State Legislature v. Arizona. Independent  Redistricting Commission, 576 U.S. 787 (2015).   Instead, the nation's experience with independent redistricting  commissions is still in its early stages and I believe that instead of  mandating a one-size fits all approach, Congress should allow further  experimentation to occur in the states, the ``laboratories of  democracy,'' as they were described by Justice Brandeis in New State  Ice Co. v. Liebmann, 285 U.S. 262 (1932).   In addition, it appears to me that the selection process laid out in  the bill for choosing members of the independent redistricting  commissions is too random and will not result in a commission comprised  of members reflective of the communities directly affected by the work  of the commission, particularly members of racial and language  minorities.   Madam Speaker, the issue of redistricting and how to do it fairly is  a never-ending one and, as most political scientists agree, it is  virtually impossible to draw most congressional and legislative  districts in ways that are competitive; redistricting exacerbates  geographical polarization, but it does not create it.   For this reason, unlike the other titles of H.R. 1, I withhold my  support for Title II, Subtitle E, Part 2.    Mr. Speaker, the tragic death of George Floyd has  awakened the Nation, the world.   Last summer, in response to a call for action from righteous  protestors across the Nation, we had to stand up. And we know that 8  minutes and 46 seconds are printed and imprinted in the brains of those  around the world. There is no defunding of the police. It is standing  up the police and the community.   Today, we are honored that the George Floyd family did not turn to  bitterness, but they turned to justice. Their parents, Larcenia and  George; his daughter, Gianna; his siblings, Philonise, Zsa Zsa  Williams, LaTonya Floyd, Rodney Floyd, Bridgett Floyd, Terrence Floyd,  and a nephew, Brandon Williams.   We know that we will be ending racial profiling now. We know that we  will have qualified immunity for justice in the courts. We know that  there will be training on racial bias. We will ban no-knock. We will  ban choke holds. We will make sure that we end the racial profiling  that caused George to come out of a grocery store and have someone's  knee on his neck for 8 minutes and 46 seconds.   Mr. Speaker, the world has stood up and justice is about to be rained  on us.   Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Committee on the Judiciary, as  an original cosponsor of the legislation, and the author of several of  its key legislative provisions, I rise in strong and enthusiastic  support of H.R. 1280, the George Floyd Justice In Policing Act of 2021,  which marks a defining turning point in our country.   Let me say at the outset, Mr. Speaker, that any questions that there  continues to exist today racial double-standards, disparities, and  system racism in policing and the administration of justice were  conclusively laid to rest by  [[Page H1056]]  what social scientists would regard as a ``natural experiment'' that  took place in Washington, D.C., beginning in the summer and culminating  with the January 6, 2021, insurrection and siege of the U.S. Capitol by  Trump seditionists incited by the 45th President of the United States.   Mass protests and political rallies took place in Washington, D.C.,  started May 29, 2020, four days after George Floyd died in Minnesota  after a Minneapolis police officer kneeled on his neck for more than  eight minutes.   By the millions, Americans took to the streets in protest to affirm  that no longer will the people of this country tolerate or acquiesce in  horrible policing practices that include excessive and unnecessary uses  of lethal force that has diminished community trust of policing  practices across the country and has angered and terrified communities  of color who are overwhelmingly and disproportionately its innocent  victims.   Within days of the demonstrations, U.S. Attorney General Bill Barr  announced that multiple law enforcement agencies, including the  National Guard, Secret Service and Federal Bureau of Investigation,  would ``flood the zone'' in D.C.   Thousands of law enforcement officials, armed with tear gas, rubber  bullets and firearms were deployed to protect the city.   Hundreds of people were arrested, D.C. police records show.   More than 300 were arrested on June 1, 2020, the day Attorney General  Barr ordered law enforcement to forcefully clear peaceful protesters  from a perimeter near the White House, making room for President Trump  to pose for cameras while waving a Bible in front of St. John's  Episcopal Church.   It was the largest number of arrests recorded for any day during the  summer of events.   Across the nation, law enforcement made an estimated 14,000 arrests  in 49 U.S. cities during anti-racism protests in the summer of 2020,  according to the Washington Post.   Following the November 3, 2020, election of Joe Eiden and running  mate Kamala Harris, large groups of Trump supporters held rallies in  the city, where they clashed with counter-protesters.   Police made 20 arrests during the so-called Million MAGA March on  November 14, 2020, an event in which Trump-supporters, including White  nationalists, far-right extremist groups, and conservative politicians  gathered in D.C. to protest the election results.   And, incredibly, only 61 arrests were made of rioters, who were  overwhelming white and who used violence, that stormed the Capitol on  January 6, an attack that claimed the lives of at least six persons,  injured hundreds of others, caused horrific damage to property and  national treasures, and inflicted emotional scars that will not heal  for generations.   But most of these arrests are related to charges involving curfew  violations--D.C. mayor Muriel Bowser announced a 6 p.m. curfew, though  mobs had broken into the Capitol hours earlier, around 1:30 p.m.   There were only four non-curfew-related arrests, compared to 40 non- curfew-related arrests during Black Lives Matter protests on June 1,  2020.   Mr. Speaker, the horrifying killing of George Floyd on May 25, 2020  by a Minneapolis police office shocked and awakened the moral  consciousness of the nation.   Untold millions saw the terrifying last 8:46 of life drained from a  Black man, George Floyd, taking his last breaths face down in the  street with his neck under the knee of a police officer who, along with  his three cohorts, was indifferent to his cries for help and pleas that  he ``can't breathe.''   In direct response, for past several months civil protests against  police brutality have occurred nightly in cities large and small all  across the nation.   These protests were a direct reaction to the horrific killing of  George Floyd but are most motivated by a deep-seated anger and  frustration to the separate and unequal justice African Americans  receive at the hands of too many law enforcement officers.   The civil disobedience witnessed nightly in the streets of America  were also in memory of countless acts of the inequality and cruelty  visited upon young African American men and women no longer with us in  body but forever with us in memory.   Beloved souls like Breanna Taylor in Louisville, Kentucky; Eric  Garner and Sean Bell in New York City; 12-year old Tamir Rice in  Cleveland; and Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri.   They remember the senseless killings as well of Ahmaud Arbery and  Trayvon Martin by self-appointed vigilantes.   Stephon Clark, was an unarmed 22-year-old African American male from  Sacramento, California, who was shot 23 times and killed by two  uniformed members of the Sacramento Police Department on Sunday  afternoon, March 18, 2018, in his grandmother's backyard, leaving  behind two small children because police officers claim that he had a  gun but no weapon was found at the scene, only a cell phone.   In August 2019, Elijah McClain, a 23-year-old African American man,  was simply listening to music while walking home from a convenience  store when he was stopped without basis by officers of the Aurora,  Colorado Police Department, put into a carotid hold and given multiple  doses of ketamine, which caused cardiac arrest from which he fell into  a coma and died three days later.   And the continuing need for their activism was reflected in the  recent outrage, which began on June 12, 2020, and ended in the  senseless slaughter of Rayshard Brooks, who was simply sleeping in his  car at a local Wendy's restaurant, by a uniformed officer of the  Atlanta Police Department.   It was reflected again on August 23, 2020, when a Kenosha Police  Department officer shot Jacob S. Blake, a 29-year-old black man, in the  back seven times--yes seven--as he attempted to enter his SUV where  three of his young sons were in the back seat.   We know the pain and heartbreak in my home state of Texas and the  City of Houston where Robbie Tolan's promising Major League Baseball  was career was cut short after being shot by Bellaire Police Department  officer in the front yard of his parents' home.   And Sandra Bland, a 28-year-old African American female who was  arrested after a traffic stop just outside of Houston, Texas, and found  dead in a Waller County jail cell three days later.   Or Pamela Turner, an unarmed 44-year old African American mother of  three who suffered from paranoid schizophrenia, who was killed outside  her home in Baytown, Texas, by an officer of the Baytown Police  Department, on Monday, May 13, 2019, the day after Mother's Day.   Or Jordan Baker, an unarmed 26-year-old African American male from  Houston, Texas, who was shot to death by an off-duty uniformed member  of the Houston Police Department in the parking lot of a Harris County  shopping mall on January 16, 2014.   Or Danny Ray Thomas, an unarmed 34-year-old African American male,  who was shot to death by a uniformed officer of the Harris County  Sheriffs Department on March 22, 2018, in Houston, Texas.   Indeed, the history goes back much further, past Amidou Diallo in New  York City, past the Central Park Five, past Emmitt Till, past the  racist abuse of law enforcement power during the struggle for civil  rights and equal treatment.   Mr. Speaker, the times we are in demand that action be taken and that  is precisely what my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus, on  this committee, and Congressional Democrats did in introducing H.R.  1280, the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act of 2020.   And we are taking the next bold action today in voting to pass this  legislation and send it to the Senate and on to the White House for  presidential signature and enactment.   I support this bold legislation not just as a senior member of the  House Judiciary Committee, who also served on the House Working Group  on Police Strategies, but also a mother of a young African American  male who knows the anxiety that African American mothers feel until  they can hug their sons and daughters who return home safely, and on  behalf of all those relatives and friends who grieve over the loss a  loved one whose life and future was wrongly and cruelly interrupted or  ended by mistreatment at the hands of the police.    The George Floyd Justice in Policing Act of 2021 is designed to  destroy the pillars of systemic racism in policing practices that has  victimized communities of color, and especially African Americans for  decades, is overdue, too long overdue.   This legislation puts the Congress of the United States on record  against racial profiling in policing and against the excessive,  unjustified, and discriminatory use of lethal and force by law  enforcement officers against persons of color.   The legislation means no longer will employment of practices that  encourage systemic mistreatment of persons because of their race be  ignored or tolerated.   With our vote today to pass the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act  of 2021, the government of the United States is declaring firmly,  forcefully, and unequivocally that Black Lives Matter.   It is true all lives matter, they always have.   But that Black lives matter too, and in so many other areas of civic  life, this nation has not always lived up to its promise but that the  promise is worthy of fulfilling.   Every African American parent, and every African America child, knows  all too well `The Talk' and the importance of abiding by the rules for  surviving interactions with the police.   While many police officers take this responsibility seriously and  strive to treat all persons  [[Page H1057]]  equally and with respect, their efforts are too often undermined by  some of their colleagues who abuse the enormous trust and confidence  placed in them.   And systemically racist systems and practices left in place can  corrupt even the most virtuous police officers.   So, the most important criminal justice reforms needed to improve the  criminal justice system are those that will increase public confidence  and build trust and mutual respect between law enforcement and the  communities they swear an oath and are willing to risk their lives to  protect and serve.   That is the overriding purpose and aim of the George Floyd Justice in  Policing Act of 2021, which contains numerous provisions to weed out  and eliminate systemic racism in police practices.   Specifically, this legislation holds police accountable in our courts  by:   Amending the mens rea requirement in federal law (18 U.S.C. Section  242) to prosecute police misconduct from ``willfulness'' to a  ``recklessness'' standard;   Reforming qualified immunity so that individuals are not barred from  recovering damages when police violate their constitutional rights;   Incentivizing state attorneys general to conduct pattern and practice  investigations and improving the use of pattern and practice  investigations at the federal level by granting the Department of  Justice Civil Rights Division subpoena power;   Incentivizing states to create independent investigative structures  for police involved deaths; and   Creating best practices recommendations based on the Obama 21st  Century Policing Task force.   As recognized by scholars at Cato--the conservative think tank Cato-- the time has come to abolish qualified immunity.   According to Cato, ``qualified immunity is a legally baseless  judicial invention'' that has ``proven unworkable as a matter of  judicial doctrine,'' and ``routinely denies justice to the victims of  egregious misconduct and undermines public accountability across the  board, especially for members of law enforcement.''   I am particularly pleased that the George Floyd Justice in Policing  Act includes the End Racial Profiling Now Act, which I introduced to  ban the pernicious practice of racial profiling.   In addition, I am proud that this legislation includes as Title I,  Subtitle B, the bipartisan and bicameral George Floyd Law Enforcement  Trust and Integrity Act, which I introduced with Congressman Jason Crow  of Colorado in the 116th Congress as H.R. 7100.   This legislation provides incentives for local police organizations  to voluntarily adopt performance-based standards to ensure that  incidents of deadly force or misconduct will be minimized through  appropriate management and training protocols and properly  investigated, should they occur.   The legislation directs the Department of Justice to work  cooperatively with independent accreditation, law enforcement and  community-based organizations to further develop and refine the  accreditation standards and grants conditional authority to the  Department of Justice to make grants to law enforcement agencies for  the purpose of obtaining accreditation from certified law enforcement  accreditation organizations.   As I have stated many times, direct action is vitally important but  to be effective it must be accompanied by political, legislative, and  governmental action, which is necessary because the strength and  foundation of democratic government rests upon the consent and  confidence of the governed.   Effective enforcement of the law and administration of justice  requires the confidence of the community that the law will be enforced  impartially and that all persons are treated equally without regard to  race or ethnicity or religion or national origin.   As the great jurist Judge Learned Hand said: ``If we are to keep our  democracy, there must be one commandment: thou shalt not ration  justice.''   Equal justice is the proud promise America makes to all persons; the  George Floyd Justice in Policing Act of 2021 will help make that  promise a lived reality for African Americans, who have not ever known  it to be true in the area of community-police relations.   And when Black Lives Matter, then and only then can it truthfully be  said that all lives matter.   Finally, let me say a few words in memory of the man whose sacrifice  of his inalienable right to life has galvanized the world and awakened  the sleeping giant of moral decency.   Mr. Speaker, let me pay tribute to the person for whom this  legislation is named and to his family.   George Floyd, also known lovingly as ``Big Floyd,'' ``Perry,'' or  ``The Gentle Giant,'' loved life, his family, friends, and community  and throughout his life used his love of sports and music to leave a  positive impact on this world.   Mr. Speaker, rather than giving in to bitterness and hate, the family  of George Floyd has channeled the pain and heartbreak of the tragic  loss of their beloved George into the creation of a force for good: The  George Floyd Memorial Foundation, Inc., a 501(c)(3) non-profit, to  promote global awareness about racial injustice and provide  opportunities for others to contribute to the unification of our  communities and touch the world.   Let me thank each member of the Floyd family and list them by name:  his parents, Larcenia Jones-Floyd and George Perry Floyd, Sr.; his  daughter, Gianna Floyd; his siblings Philonise Floyd, Zsa Zsa Williams,  LaTonya Floyd, Rodney Floyd, Bridget Floyd, Terrence Floyd; and nephew,  Brandon ``WOO'' Williams.   Mr. Speaker, in Acts 2:23 of the Scriptures it is written that ``This  man was handed over to you by God's deliberate plan and foreknowledge;  and you with the help of wicked men, put him to death by nailing him to  the cross.''   Duty calls us to to improve the quality of policing in America.   We cannot agitate for change one day and then allow things to remain  the same, to allow wicked men to keep committing this crime against  humanity.   This behavior did not begin with George Floyd; there is a 400-year  history here, from slave patrols, to Jim Crow to Bull Connor to the  modern-day lynching of George Floyd by Minneapolis police officer Derek  Chauvin.   But the good news is that right is on our side; God has stepped in.   In John 1:46 it is said, ``can anything good come out of Nazareth?''   When he was growing up, I am sure there were people who saw George  Floyd and asked can anything good come out of the Third Ward of  Houston?   We now know the answer is clearly yes.   George Floyd was here in service to God's divine plan.   And as his daughter Gianna said, her Daddy changed the world.   Thank you, George Floyd for what you have done for us, for helping us  find our voice and our resolve.   We will not let you down; we will finish the job.   