 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague, Congressman Levin,  for yielding and for organizing this tribute this evening. I also thank  Congressman  Bobby Scott for the honor that we are looking to bestow on  Rich Trumka.   Madam Speaker, I rise tonight to honor Rich Trumka. Throughout his  life, he never backed down from fighting for workers. As the leader of  the 12.5-million-member American Federation of Labor and Congress of  Industrial Organizations, he championed workers every day.   He followed in his father's footsteps. He worked in the coal mines of  Pennsylvania, as his father and his grandfather before him had. He rose  to become president of the United Mine Workers and later president of  the AFL-CIO with one singular focus, protecting and fighting for the  right to organize and to collectively bargain.   Earlier in my congressional career, in 1996, during one of his many  visits to my district--and I can remember it poignantly because he sat  in my kitchen along with John Wilhelm, head of the Hotel and Restaurant  Workers--we were on our way to the people's graduation on the New Haven  Green because we were fighting, and he was there to help fight for  better contracts for the workers at Yale University.   We were told that we wouldn't have very many people that day on the  Green, and I will just tell you that they were 10,000 strong, led by  Rich Trumka, John Wilhelm, and other labor leaders in this country.  They gathered to advocate for new contracts, and he joined that chorus  to support their efforts.   Together, I had the opportunity to work with him hand in hand to  defeat the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement, because it would  outsource jobs overseas; it would hurt American workers here. We worked  in solidarity to renegotiate the new NAFTA agreement in 2019. I was  proud to be at the center of these fights with Rich and so many more.  He once said to me, as we talked about working together on this, he  said, ``My dear, we are like two coats of paint. We are together.'' I  will never forget that conversation.   While I always valued his counsel, it was his friendship that I came  to value most. Our shared Italian-American heritage, our commitment to  fighting for better working conditions were rooted from the lessons  that we learned at our kitchen tables. My mother was a garment worker  in the sweatshops of the city of New Haven. He was a mine worker's son  and understood how difficult that life was and what it meant  [[Page H5919]]  for struggling families and why the unions were the way out and the way  for them to get what they earned and what they deserved.   Rich Trumka's legacy stretches far and wide. I do not know where we  would be without him. Rich's relentless efforts to end unfair trade  practices and restore U.S. manufacturing strength made him a tireless  advocate for the labor movement in the United States and around the  globe, and I was honored to call him a colleague and a dear friend.   To his family, I say that my thoughts and prayers are with you. To  his brothers and sisters of the AFL-CIO, I say, solidarity. And I thank  Rich, my dear friend. I thank him for his endless pursuit on behalf of  those struggling for justice. I thank him for his counsel and thank him  for his friendship.   Now it is our turn to carry on his legacy, a legacy of championing  the dignity of all workers. He has shown us the way, and his fight  continues in all of us. Solidarity now and solidarity forever.   