 Mr. President, from the streets of Portland and Seattle to  right here in our Nation's Capital, lawlessness has ensued all too  often across our Nation over the past year. I have consistently called  it what it is--anarchy. And, folks, we need to be absolutely clear on  this: Anarchy cannot be tolerated in our Nation.   The mayhem that we have seen over the last year has put our families,  our communities, and our law enforcement in danger, and tragically it  has led to death and destruction.   In what will probably come as no shock to the American people, a  nonpartisan watchdog organization found that the Federal Government has  spent more than $14 billion of our taxpayer money, our hard-earned  dollars, on Federal contracts and grants in five major cities where  civil unrest, also known as anarchy, goes unchecked and police are  unable to do their jobs--14  [[Page S922]]  billion with a ``b'' dollars paid to local leaders and city officials  who are failing to do their jobs.   Let's keep talking about these dollar figures, folks. According to  recent reports by local media in Oregon, leftwing protests in Portland  have caused roughly $2.3 million in damage to Federal buildings since  they broke out last summer. The near-nightly standoffs with police  involved graffiti, broken windows, firecrackers, as well as Molotov  cocktails. According to one U.S. attorney in Oregon, cleanup at the  courthouse and four other government buildings has cost more than $2  million, and that number could keep going up because the repairs are  ongoing.   Last year, I pushed for a review of any Federal funding that was  going to the cities and States that were allowing anarchy to run  rampant. It was a simple ask: Scrutinize any future Federal funding  that might flow into these lawless jurisdictions.   Specifically, I asked the Office of Management and Budget to look  into and report to the American people the amount of taxpayer dollars  local officials used to either sustain these autonomous zones or the  amount needed to repair the damage done during the chaos. Thankfully,  last year, the Federal Government began to do just that, but, folks,  just last week, President Biden reversed this effort, and I would like  to know why.   I agree with our new President that peaceful protests are a  cornerstone of our democracy, but smashing windows is not protesting  and neither is looting. Burning small businesses that are the modest  nest eggs of hard-working Americans and actions like those are totally  unacceptable. I don't think there is anyone in the Senate who would  disagree. So why, then, is President Biden reversing course and  preventing this review from going forward to simply examine the funds  that are going to the very places where lawlessness continues to be  unanswered?   Too often over the last year, local leaders have prevented law  enforcement and emergency responders from being allowed to carry out  their jobs and protect the public. Yet millions of our taxpayer dollars  have still been doled out to these cities.   I will continue to stand strong and be a voice for the hard-working  taxpayers of this country. If city and State leaders abdicate their job  to protect citizens and allow anarchist jurisdictions to prevail, the  Federal Government and Iowa taxpayers should absolutely not foot the  bill. Anarchy is never OK--never OK--and taxpayers should never  subsidize it.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   