 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 486, I call  up the bill (H.R. 1443) to amend the Equal Credit Opportunity Act to  require the collection of small business loan data related to LGBTQ- owned businesses, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their  remarks on H.R. 1443 and to insert extraneous material thereon.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1443, the LGBTQ Business  Equal Credit Enforcement and Investment Act, for the second time this  month.   As we discussed on the floor last week, this bill, led by  Representative Ritchie Torres, would provide much-needed transparency  in lending to LGBTQ-owned businesses by updating the Equal Credit  Opportunity Act to ensure financial institutions report the sexual  orientation and gender identity of applicants for business loans.   This legislation is needed because research shows that LGBTQ  individuals have experienced discrimination when applying for a  mortgage or other forms of credit. However, due to a lack of data  collection, we do not know the extent of discrimination when it comes  to business loans, who has been affected, and, more importantly, how it  can be corrected.   According to one estimate, there are approximately 1.4 million LGBTQ- owned businesses across our country. These entrepreneurs should be  treated fairly, and the data collected on small business owners by Mr.  Torres' bill will help to identify and prevent discrimination and will  enable communities, policymakers, and lenders to support the  development and investment needs of LGBTQ-owned businesses.   I thank Representative Torres for his leadership on this important  bill.   But I also want to express my disappointment that so many of our  Republican colleagues decided to vote down this bill last week when it  was considered under suspension of the rules. This bill passed the  committee on a voice vote, and we worked with the ranking member, Mr.  McHenry, to address concerns he had.   I thank Ranking Member McHenry for working with us and for his  support.   I hope my colleagues who voted ``no'' will reconsider their position  and vote ``yes'' on H.R. 1443. Whether or not they do, let me assure  our friends, neighbors, constituents, and colleagues in the LGBTQ  community that, one way or the other, this House will pass this bill.  After all, this is the people's House, and we simply cannot let lending  or other forms of discrimination against any of our people stand.   As we discussed last week, this is Pride Month and a time to  celebrate all the wonderful contributions the LGBTQ community has given  to our economy and our country.   So, Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Green).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, this bill takes necessary action to help ensure that  LGBTQ-owned businesses are treated fairly by financial institutions and  protected against lending discrimination. The bill passed unanimously  out of the House Financial Services Committee with a voice vote. So I  am pleased that the majority leader has worked with me to bring this  bill back up for a vote quickly.   This bill is supported by the Human Rights Campaign, the National  Center for Transgender Equality, Out Leadership, the National Gay and  Lesbian Chamber of Commerce, and many others.   Although some of my colleagues did not support this bill last week, I  urge them to reconsider, to support all small businesses this week, and  vote ``yes'' on H.R. 1443.   I would like to thank the ranking member for his consideration, his  support. In closing, I would just like to add that, as Mr. Green  identified, I, too, am a victim of discrimination for most of my life,  and all of my family and my dear friends and sometimes the entire  neighborhood that I have lived in.   So we know what it feels like, and we know that there is, for  example, today, a huge wealth gap because of discrimination, a lack of  being able to borrow from the banks that were making credit available  to so many others. It was not made to us. So oftentimes we were not  able to buy a home. We were not able to get a loan for the basic kind  of things that any family would need.   So we cannot, and I cannot be a part of public policy and systems and  protocols that would exclude the LGBTQ community from being able to get  loans in the ways that others are doing. It is pure discrimination. It  must stop.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  to vote ``yea'' on H.R. 1443, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 486, I call  up the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 15) providing for congressional  disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule  submitted by  [[Page H3100]]  the Office of the Comptroller of Currency relating to ``National Banks  and Federal Savings Associations as Lenders'', and ask for its  immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their  remarks on S.J. Res. 15 and to insert extraneous material thereon.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of S.J. Res. 15, a resolution  to invalidate the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency's so-called  True Lender Rule under the Congressional Review Act.   This resolution would end a dangerous Trump-era rule that would allow  predatory lenders to evade State usury laws and target consumers with  high interest rate loans of 150 percent or higher through sham  partnerships with banks.   I would like to thank Representative Garcia from Illinois for  introducing the House companion to this measure and for his leadership  in fighting to protect consumers from predatory lending schemes.   My committee has held several hearings that have exposed the consumer  harm that results from these rent-a-bank schemes and explored how the  Trump administration's harmful rule erodes the consumer protections.   The OCC's rule undoes centuries of case law that ensured that nonbank  financial institutions were subject to State interest rate caps when  they partnered with banks, so long as they held the primary economic  interest in a consumer loan.   Trump's OCC allowed nonbanks to launder their loans through OCC- chartered banks, as long as the bank is listed on the loan origination  documents, effectively allowing nonbanks to ignore State usury laws.   Simply put, before this Trump-era rule was finalized, if a nonbank in  California, which has an interest rate cap of, for example, 36 percent,  wanted to make a loan to a customer in California, the nonbank can't  charge more than 36 percent. OCC's True Lender Rule turns this  commonsense legal doctrine on its head.   What the Trump-era rule says is that this nonbank can now partner  with a national bank that is based in, for example, Utah, which doesn't  have an interest rate cap, to now legally charge virtually any interest  rate to the consumers in California.   This is true even if the bank in Utah has done nothing but put its  name on the loan paperwork and intends to immediately transfer the loan  to the nonbank in California. We have seen interest rates of more than  150 percent charged to consumers in this way.   The committee's work has shone a spotlight on heartbreaking stories  of the harm that this rule has caused to consumers and small business  owners. Let me give you a real-world example of a Black-owned small  business that was harmed by one of these rent-a-bank schemes authorized  by Trump's OCC.   A recent news report detailed the case of Carlos and Markisha  Swepson, who were the owners of Boulevard Bistro, a restaurant in  Harlem, New York. As they told NBC News, they took out several business  loans for $67,000 and were charged a whopping 268 percent APR.   For all intents and purposes, their lender was World Business  Lenders, a nonbank lender that has a partnership with Axos Bank. This  is a bank in New York State. Even though the loan was made by World  Business Lenders, because Axos Bank's name was on the loan documents,  the nonbank could bypass the New York usury limit of 25 percent APR.   Due to the pandemic, the Swepsons are now behind on their loan  payments. They are now facing foreclosure proceedings filed by World  Business Lenders on a home they own that acts as collateral for the  high interest rate loans. If not for Trump's rule, the Swepsons would  have only been charged a 25 percent interest rate and would probably  not be facing financial ruin.   If Congress lets this Trump-era rule stand, these kinds of predatory,  triple-digit interest rate loans will continue to be made through these  kinds of rent-a-bank schemes, and lenders will continue to take  advantage of small business owners and other consumers desperate to  stay afloat.   Additionally, let's not forget that during the last election,  Nebraska joined 45 States and the District of Columbia that have  already passed legislation to limit usury rates for small-dollar  installment loans.    The Trump-era True Lender Rule is a backdoor way for nonbanks to  charge triple-digit interest rates on loans at the expense of consumers  in States where voters turned out to pass interest rate cap laws.   No wonder some called this the ``fake lender'' rule.   For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. And for  those who did not understand what we were talking about when we talked  about the True Lender Rule, I think I have laid it out in such a way  that you understand this is predatory. This is a rip-off. And for these  reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi), the Speaker of the House of Representatives.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Garcia), who is also the sponsor of the House companion  to this legislation.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Michigan (Ms. Tlaib).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Green), who is also the chair of the Subcommittee on  Oversight and Investigations.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Porter).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have  remaining.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, this resolution would take the necessary action to  reverse the harmful Trump-era true lender rule that preys on small  business owners and individuals when they need assistance the most.  This rule is a back door for nonbanks to charge triple digit interest  rates that trap consumers.   Last month, the Senate passed this resolution on a bipartisan vote  with all Democrats voting in support. They were joined by Republican  Senators Lummis, Rubio, and Collins. This resolution is also supported  by more than 400 consumer, civil rights, veterans, small businesses,  and other organizations, including the American Civil Liberties Union,  Americans for Financial Reform, the Center for Responsible Lending,  Faith for Just Lending, the NAACP, National Association of Federally- Insured Credit Unions, the National Consumer Law Center, Conference of  State Bank Supervisors, and 25 State attorneys general from both red  and blue States, among many others.   Madam Speaker, and Members, small businesses and underbanked  consumers do not benefit from the rule. Instead, the rule allows  nonbank lenders to launder loans through banks in order to charge those  with limited access to credit triple digit interest rates and trap  these consumers in devastating cycles of debt. These predatory rent-a- bank schemes disproportionately prey on communities of color, draining  wealth from these communities and, in turn, perpetuating the racial  wealth gap.   A disproportionate share of payday borrowers come from communities of  color even after controlling for income. Communities of color have  historically been left out of the banking system. Black and Latinx  consumers are much less likely to have a checking account than White  consumers, which is typically a requirement for a payday loan. About 17  percent of Black and 14 percent of Latinx households are unbanked  compared to 3 percent of White households.   Payday lenders target communities of color. The communities most  affected by redlining are the same who are saturated by payday lenders  today, which are more likely to locate in more affluent communities of  color than in less affluent White communities.   One borrower, a single mother living below the poverty line from  California, submitted a complaint to the CFPB about Elevate's RISE.   ``I was misled by RISE Credit to believe that they were unlike other  predatory loan companies. By the time,'' she says, ``I understood what  I had signed, I had paid them thousands of dollars in interest.   ``I have recently become temporarily unemployed and called them to  ask for help during my time of financial hardship. They refused any  solution and my account is headed to collections now.   ``The total paid is far over the amount initially borrowed from RISE.  This is robbery, and all of the necessities I have for myself and my  children are suffering because of it.   ``How is it that they can do this? I am asking for help for not only  my family, but for all of the families targeted by these predatory  loans meant to target those living in poverty and struggling to live  paycheck to paycheck.''   The fake lender rule protects lenders that not only destroy small  businesses but also threaten to take business owners' homes.   In New York, Jacob Adoni, a realtor, has been facing foreclosure  threats on a $90,000 loan with an interest rate of 138 percent APR.   In a court case--that is Adoni et al. v. World Business Lenders, LLC,  Axos Bank and Circadian Funding filed in New York in October 2019-- Adoni said he received threats that the lender would foreclose on his  home after receiving a $90,000 loan at 138 percent APR, secured by his  personal residence.   ``Adoni was contacted by Circadian Funding with an offer of a  personal loan that would be funded by WLB and Axos Bank. He was told  that the loan documents would be provided to him at 12 p.m. and he must  execute them by 6 p.m. or the offer would no longer be valid.   ``Adoni was told by Circadian that the loan was meant to be a  personal loan to him, but it was necessary for the loan documents to  make reference to his business.''   He has received multiple threats to foreclose on his home and the  mortgage.  [[Page H3110]]    Madam Speaker, let me just respond to some of what I have heard from  the opposite side of the aisle. I am absolutely overcome by the great  interest that my Republican colleagues have in helping minorities. I am  so moved about the fact that all this is about helping minorities who  have been put into trouble because they are subprime lenders. Now if  they are, it is because they were the victim of predatory lenders who  put them in a subprime position.   But I hardly think that this is all about taking care of minorities  and these small businesses. This is about protecting the big banks.  This is about protecting the national banks. You heard what the ranking  member said. The big national banks have been in business for years,  and we ought to let them operate the way that they have historically  operated and not interfere with them.   I don't know where they get away with protecting these big national  banks. And the constituents in their own district who are being misused  because they happen to get money, money that was lent to them by a  nonbank, and that nonbank partnered with a national bank, they are now  having to pay the interest rates of another State, perhaps--like it was  explained in California, why we have usury laws and there is a cap on  those interest rates.   When they do this kind of partnering, it is all about getting to a  State where they are made to pay whatever that big bank is allowed to  collect from them.   Madam Speaker, this is a rip-off. This is about hurting the people  who most need our help. This is about allowing this partnering to go  on. And many of those people who are borrowing from these payday  lenders and other nonbanks don't even know that they are going to be  the victims of the big banks and the interest rates that they charge.  This is absolutely ridiculous, and there is not a credible argument  from the other side of the aisle about why they should disadvantage  these minorities and small businesses that they claim that they are  protecting. This is outrageous.    Madam Speaker, I am so pleased that the Senate passed this bill. And  I am so pleased that the Republicans on the other side of the aisle-- not on the other side of the aisle, on the other side of Congress-- decided to join with the Democrats in order to do the right thing on  behalf of our constituents.   Madam Speaker, when they talk about, Oh, this is just because they  didn't like Trump and they want to undo whatever he has done, that is  their talking point for the day. This is not about that.   This committee, the Committee on Financial Services, is a new and  different kind of committee. We are not owned by the banks. We are not  here to protect the big banks and the national banks. We are here  because we are here to take care of what is right and what is fair. And  this committee is not going to be about the business of ripping off the  least of these.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   