 Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, more than one in three women in this country have  experienced some form of physical violence by their partner; and each  year, millions of our mothers, sisters, daughters, and friends are  victims of domestic violence and sexual abuse.   Tragically, new evidence shows that lockdowns, social isolation, and  economic insecurity caused by the COVID-19 pandemic has led to a hidden  surge in domestic violence and abuse. So now, more than ever, we must  come together to combat this crisis.   In fact, Congress has a history of doing so on a bipartisan basis.  The enactment of the Violence Against Women Act in 1994 and the  reauthorizations that followed were noncontroversial and overwhelmingly  bipartisan. Congress worked together to establish a coordinated  community response to support victims and equip the justice system with  the necessary resources to address these heinous crimes.   Yet, in 2019, House Democrats allowed VAWA's authorization to lapse  when they shunned the bipartisan history of VAWA and advanced a bill  filled with controversial provisions, rejecting Republican offers to  work in good faith and prioritize the well-being of women and children.   At the time, I led the Violence Against Women's Extension Act of 2019  to extend the law and provide certainty to victims, survivors,  families, and crisis centers, but House Democrats put scoring political  points ahead of the interests of vulnerable women and refused our  efforts to prevent VAWA's programs from going unauthorized.   This year, here we are again. Democrats are rushing their  controversial bill back to the floor, bypassing committee  consideration, and ignoring opportunities to work with Republicans to  address the problematic provisions. They have denied new Members the  opportunity to contribute to the bill, including a record number of new  Republican women, Representatives whose own lives and districts have  been deeply affected by these issues.   So, once again, this House, rather than pursuing bipartisanship, is  again considering a bill that promotes unproven methods of supporting  victims, infringes upon Second Amendment rights without adequate due  process, and imposes new barriers to prosecuting domestic violence  cases.   My amendment is simple. It provides a clean extension of the Violence  Again Women Act programs for the upcoming fiscal year without the  controversial provisions added by Speaker Pelosi. Most importantly, it  will ensure funding for critical programs that fight domestic violence  and sexual abuse for the American people. A clean extension provides us  the opportunity to work together to pass a truly bipartisan, long-term  reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, make no mistake, VAWA's authorization  lapse last year is due to House Democrats' choice to ram through their  partisan version of this bill rather than work on a bipartisan basis.   When my colleague across the aisle talks about conversations with the  Senate, we know last year that there were no effective bipartisan  conversations with the Senate, which is why they didn't take up the  Democrats' partisan version.   My amendment is a clean extension of VAWA. It ensures that there is  certainty and funding for these programs. I urge my colleagues to vote  ``yes'' for this amendment.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   