 Madam Speaker, our First Amendment is a powerful instrument  that has protected our most sacred freedoms for hundreds of years. Few  other countries provide the same protections and freedoms that our  First Amendment guarantees. Yet, today, these essential rights are  under attack.   H.R. 5 is the latest example of Democrats' misleading and partisan  manner of legislating. As a former educator and the Republican leader  of the Education and Labor Committee, I can tell you the bill may have  ``equality'' in the title, but it certainly does not serve all  Americans.   The Equality Act would empower the government to interfere in how  regular Americans think, speak, and act. Specifically, it would amend  the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to make sexual orientation and gender  identity protected classes.   According to the National Review, this extreme legislation redefines  sex to include gender identity, undermines religious freedom, gives  males who identify as females the right to women's spaces, and sets a  dangerous political precedent for the medicalization of gender-confused  youth.   Under H.R. 5, our Nation's K-12 schools would be forced to treat  gender as being fluid, subjective, and not tied to biological reality.   Government intervention often causes more harm than good. I've spent  my time in Congress working to protect individual freedoms from  unnecessary bureaucratic burdens. I recognize that a strong family is  vital to our nation's progress and prosperity, which is why I've worked  to advance legislation that allows families to flourish and protects  life at all stages. It is unconscionable that in America, where we  fight for life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, we tolerate this  systematic extermination of on entire generation. The right to life  demands that we protect our Nation's most vulnerable, including the  unborn.   Our First Amendment is a powerful instrument that has protected our  most sacred freedoms for hundreds of years. Few other countries provide  the same protections and freedoms that our First Amendment guarantees.  We are the `land of the free' because of it. Our individual liberties  are the envy of people around the world and they are the cornerstone of  the world's oldest democracy.   Yet today, these essential rights are under attack.   H.R. 5 is the latest example of Democrats' misleading and partisan  manner of legislating.   As a former educator and the Republican Leader of the Education and  Labor Committee, I can tell you that the bill may have ``equality'' in  the title, but it certainly does not serve ALL Americans.   This legislation has a clever name and an allegedly noble purpose,  but it is a vehicle for serious, harmful consequences.   The Equality Act would empower the government to interfere in how  regular Americans think, speak, and act. Specifically, it would amend  the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to make sexual orientation and gender  identity protected classes. According to the National Review, this  extreme legislation ``redefines sex to include gender identity,  undermines religious freedom, gives males who identify as females the  right to women's spaces, and sets a dangerous political precedent for  the medicalization of gender-confused youth.''   Under H.R. 5, our nation's K-12 schools would be forced to treat  gender as being fluid, subjective, and not tied to biological reality.   The bill would undermine Title IX protections for girls by outlawing  sex-based athletic competitions.   Even more troubling is the bill's meticulous and intentional  destruction of religious freedom protections.   Religiously affiliated colleges and universities that maintain  student codes of conduct, hiring practices, or housing rules reflecting  sincerely held beliefs about marriage and sexuality risk losing federal  funding under the Equality Act, as such policies would be deemed  discriminatory.   Beloved secular private colleges that maintain single sex admissions  policies, like Smith College and Morehouse College, could be forced to  change their policies or forego federal funding.   In Virginia, we've already seen the displeasure amongst parents  regarding such policy implementation. In an opinion piece published by  the Washington Post in 2019, a former middle and high school teacher  whose children attend Arlington Public Schools said, ``It would erode  parents' rights over their children's education, corrode Title IX  protections for girls and risk convincing healthy, normally developing  boys and girls that their bodies are wrong and must be altered with  hormones and be vandalized by surgical instruments.''   The bill also lacks any pro-life protections, which is why I am  submitting my amendment that will protect religiously affiliated groups  and individuals from participating in or funding abortions.   This bill is a brazen attempt to replace longstanding constitutional  rights with the identity politics of the moment.   We've entered treacherous waters by considering legislation that  stifles proven, bipartisan solutions and, more seriously, our Bill of  Rights. It's outrageous that Democrats would advertise these proposals  as guaranteeing fundamental civil and legal rights.   Madam Speaker, as elected Representatives, we all strive for equality  before the law, but H.R. 5 is another classic example of Democrats  passing a bill now and figuring out what it means later.   This is no way to legislate.   