 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 380, I call up  the bill (H.R. 2547) to expand and enhance consumer, student,  servicemember, and small business protections with respect to debt  collection practices, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that a1l Members may  have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks  on H.R. 2547 and to include extraneous material thereon.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my legislation, H.R. 2547,  the Comprehensive Debt Collection Improvement Act.   H.R. 2547 is a package of bills designed to bring new protections,  fairness, accuracy, and transparency to the debt collection industry.   Individuals and families across this country have long struggled with  debt, including medical debt, student loan debt, and other debts. They  often face difficult decisions regarding how to pay off their debts.   During the pandemic crisis, which has harmed all of our communities,  debt collectors have earned record profits. Their tactics are often  divisive and predatory. Many debt collectors harass consumers with  frequent phone calls, make threats, and provide misleading information  to consumers. The debt collection industry is also plagued  [[Page H2280]]  by poor recordkeeping, resulting in many consumers being harassed for  debts they do not owe.   Debt collection is among the top issues that the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau receives the most complaints about from consumers,  and those complaints have risen since 2019.   This bill, H.R. 2547, brings new accountability to the debt  collection industry and stronger protections for consumers from  harassment and abuse, including by banning abusive confessions of  judgment that have hurt small businesses, prohibiting debt collectors  from harassing and threatening servicemembers, barring collection of  medical debts from 2 years after the debt is incurred, prohibiting debt  collectors from contacting consumers by email or text message without a  consumer's affirmative consent, limiting egregious debt collection fees  that have disproportionately hurt low-income and minority borrowers,  and protecting consumers during a nonjudicial foreclosure proceeding.   Taken together, these protections will help the most vulnerable  consumers, including servicemembers, student borrowers, people of  color, and those struggling under the weight of medical debt during  this unprecedented pandemic.   None of this is to say that people who owe lawful debts shouldn't pay  them, but all Americans deserve to be free from harassment, undue  pressure tactics, bullying, false information, threats, coercion, and  other bad practices that debt collectors have used with relative  impunity.   The last time Congress made major updates to Federal laws on debt  collection was 1978, over 40 years ago. It is long overdue for Congress  to act to provide stronger protections from abusive debt collection for  consumers.   This comprehensive package includes a number of bills authored by  several hardworking members of the Financial Services Committee,  specifically bills sponsored by Representative Velazquez,  Representative Dean, Representative Tlaib, Representative Pressley,  Representative Cleaver, Representative Meeks, and Representative  Auchincloss.   I would like to thank all of them for their work on these bills,  their contributions to this legislative package, and their leadership  on these important reforms that will provide desperately needed relief  and protection to consumers.   I would urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Missouri (Mr. Cleaver).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  New York (Ms. Velazquez).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Massachusetts (Ms. Pressley).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Massachusetts (Mr. Auchincloss).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Pennsylvania (Ms. Dean).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Ms. Tlaib).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Green).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Georgia (Ms. Williams).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have  remaining.    Mr. Speaker, this bill provides urgently needed  protections to individuals and families from unfair and abusive debt  collection practices.   Consumers should not have to face harassment or threats from abusive  debt collectors, especially in the midst of this unprecedented  pandemic. It is long overdue for Congress to bring new accountability  to the debt collection industry.   Because of the strong protections the bill creates for consumers, the  Comprehensive Debt Collection Improvement Act is supported by more than  85 consumer, civil rights, and small business organizations, including  Americans for Financial Reform, Center for  [[Page H2284]]  Responsible Lending, Color of Change, Leadership Conference on Civil  and Human Rights, National Consumer Law Center, New York Taxi Workers  Alliance, Public Citizen, Small Business Majority, and Student Borrower  Protection Center.   Mr. Speaker, you have heard the debate and the discussion on this  bill today. My colleagues on the opposite side of the aisle have tried  in their presentation to have the people listening to this debate  believe that the bill would hurt consumers. That is absolutely not  true. My friends on the opposite side of the aisle seem more interested  in protecting the debt collectors.   As I mentioned, we are still in the midst of a pandemic. Many of our  consumers have been laid off from their jobs. Some businesses have  closed down.   Americans like to pay their bills. They want to pay their bills. If  they cannot pay their bills, we should not have debt collectors who are  harassing them, calling the commanders of servicemembers and  threatening to have them penalized in some way, using all the different  platforms to harass.   One of the Members on the opposite side of the aisle tried to make us  believe that somehow we are saying you can't use any of the platforms  on the internet. We are not saying that. We are saying don't misuse  them, don't abuse them. We are saying that this is about the Members of  Congress who are sent here to represent their constituents being able  to represent them at one of the most important times in this economy.   I would ask all Members, despite what you have heard from the  opposite side of the aisle, to rise to this occasion and show our  consumers we care about them and do not want them to be harassed and  abused.   These predatory debt collectors must stop the way that they are  harassing our consumers and work with them. They should be doing  workouts. If you can't pay $50 a month, you can have a workout that  says you can pay $10 a month or $15 a month on your debt. Of course,  the predatory debt collectors can do this if they wish.   One of the things you must understand is they have earned more in  profits during this pandemic than any other time in recent years, so  they are gouging, and they are harassing needlessly so.   I would ask the Members of Congress to please join us and vote  ``aye'' on this very important legislation. I yield back the balance of  my time.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to section 3 of House Resolution  380, I offer amendments en bloc No. 1.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this set of amendments that will  strengthen the protections in my bill, H.R. 2547, the Comprehensive  Debt Collection Improvement Act.   I thank Representatives Adams, Bonamici, Bowman, Bush, Cohen, Craig,  Newman, Ocasio-Cortez, Omar, Payne, Ross, and Williams for their work  on their amendments to improve the bill and provide additional  protections for consumers.   These amendments would create a Consumer Bill of Rights Against  Abusive Debt Collection Practices, putting in plain language what debt  collection protections and remedies a consumer has; require CFPB  strategy to use their enforcement and other tools to combat abusive  debt collection during the pandemic; study racial disparities in debt  collection and develop solutions to address these disparities.   Several amendments would also help students by providing private  student loan borrowers with the same credit reporting protections that  Federal student loan borrowers have during the pandemic; releasing  cosigners in the event of the death of a private student loan borrower,  regardless of when that debt occurred; studying practices and  additional reforms to better protect private student loan borrowers.   Finally, these amendments address new forms of communication  specifically prohibiting debt collectors from harassing a consumer on  social media, and studying electronic communications and developing  recommendations to further protect consumers from harassment.   Together, these amendments will protect our constituents from abusive  debt collectors. So I urge Members to vote ``yes.''   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Oregon (Ms. Bonamici).     Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Missouri (Ms. Bush).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Bowman).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Cohen).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Minnesota (Ms. Craig).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, these amendments offered by our colleagues make H.R.  2547 even stronger for our constituents who deserve to be treated  fairly. I would like to again thank Representatives Adams, Bonamici,  Bowman, Bush, Cohen, Craig, Newman, Ocasio-Cortez, Omar, Payne, Ross,  and Williams for their work on these amendments to H.R. 2547.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support these amendments, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to section 3 of House Resolution  380, I offer amendments en bloc No. 2.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendments offered by  Representatives Luetkemeyer and Burgess. Representative Burgess'  amendment does not provide any new protections for low-income consumers  or consumers with no credit or poor credit history.   Instead, this is an attempt to prevent my bill, H.R. 2547, from being  implemented at all. Under the guise of a certification standard, Mr.  Burgess' amendment would create a legal loophole for unscrupulous debt  collectors to challenge and potentially block not just some, but all of  the protections included in this bill for servicemembers, student  borrowers, borrowers with a medical debt, and so many more.   This is not a serious attempt to have low-income borrowers, it is an  attempt to protect debt collectors who are making record profits during  this pandemic.   I do not support this poison pill amendment. Representative  Luetkemeyer's amendment to study and delay misses the mark on what is  needed to protect consumers from the harm of ongoing, unfair debt  collection practices.   Copious research has been shown that debt collection harassment and  mistreatment have created undue stress and financial burdens on  consumers, especially for low-income people, and in communities of  color.   My bill does not restrict debt collection, but rather ensures  consumer protection for those who are facing harassment or other  abusive tactics used by debt collectors.   Millions of consumers are still struggling to make ends meet during  this tragic public health pandemic. Instead of considering the amount  of stress consumers feel when they get sick, need medical care, and  face harassment from a debt collector, Mr. Luetkemeyer's amendment  would commission a study and delay implementation of my bill by a full  year.   H.R. 2547 would already provide the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau with a sensible 6-month implementation period, during which the  Bureau can give all stakeholders guidance on how to comply.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose both of these amendments,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, Representatives Burgess and Luetkemeyer' proposed  amendments would not provide stronger protections for consumers who are  saddled with debt, while navigating the various challenges they have  faced, through no fault of their own, by this terrible pandemic.   Instead, these amendments would needlessly delay or prevent my bill,  H.R. 2547, the Comprehensive Debt Collection Improvement Act, from  being implemented.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject these amendments, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the substitute amendment offered  by our committee's ranking member, Mr. McHenry.   Mr. McHenry's partisan proposal is a nonstarter and not a serious  attempt to find common ground with bipartisan support. The Republican  substitute amendment does not include several important elements of my  bill, H.R. 2547, and fundamentally weakens many essential protections  in the few provisions he included.   For example, Mr. McHenry included a prohibition on confessions of  judgment based on title I. However, he included a harmful provision  related to written affidavits, effectively undermining the prohibition  on confessions of judgment, and severely reducing protections for small  businesses struggling during this pandemic.   The Federal Trade Commission banned confessions of judgment more than  35 years ago in 1985 for consumer loans. Our committee learned that  small business owners, like taxicab drivers, have unwittingly waived  their typical due process rights when it comes to debt collection  because these harmful confessions of judgment terms were tucked into  their small business loan.   Representative Velazquez has been leading the effort on this in the  House, working in a bipartisan fashion with Senators Brown and Rubio.  However, if we take the approach proposed by Mr. McHenry, small  businesses will continue to be ripped off.   Moreover, I would add H.R. 2547 includes several other bipartisan  provisions, including title II, which is based on a bill by  Representative Dean to protect servicemembers from harassment and  threats from debt collectors. The House has unanimously passed title II  as a standalone bill twice, both last year and this year.   Additionally, title VI would enhance protections related to Federal  agency debts based on a bill by Representative Cleaver that has been  bipartisan for a number of years, but when we tried to move it on the  suspension calendar last year, Republicans changed their mind.   Unfortunately, at a time when consumers are suffering while debt  collectors make record profits during the pandemic, the House  Republican alternative is not a serious effort to reform and modernize  our debt collection laws.    So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject the McHenry  substitute amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Massachusetts (Mr. Auchincloss).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   