 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for recognizing me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1170, which will  designate the post office located at 1 League in Irvine, California, as  the Tuskegee Airman Lieutenant Colonel Robert J. Friend Memorial Post  Office Building.   I introduced this bill to honor the legacy of a true Orange County  hero, Lieutenant Colonel Robert J. Friend.   Before passing away in June of 2019, Lieutenant Colonel Friend was  one of the last surviving Tuskegee Airmen who took to the skies during  World War II as the first African American military aviators. The  roughly 1,000 Tuskegee Airmen flew 15,000 combat sorties, destroyed 260  enemy aircraft,  [[Page H5692]]  and received 150 decorations of the Flying Cross and Legion of Merit,  fighting the Nazi Luftwaffe while simultaneously striking a blow  against racism back home.   Lieutenant Colonel Friend flew fighter aircraft for nearly 2 years  during the war. During his 142 combat missions, he destroyed critical  Nazi and Axis power military assets, helping move the U.S. and Allied  forces toward victory during the war.   Lieutenant Colonel Friend was the recipient of multiple military  awards for valorous service, including the: Distinguished Flying Cross,  Presidential Unit Citation, Bronze Star with Flying Cross, three  Distinguished Service Medals, and Air Medal. In addition, Lieutenant  Colonel Friend and his fellow Tuskegee Airmen were awarded the  Congressional Gold Medal in 2007.   Following the war, Lieutenant Colonel Friend studied astrophysics at  the Air Force Institute of Technology and business at the University of  California, Los Angeles. After retiring from the Air Force in 1971, he  worked as a consultant on the development of missile systems and space- station components near our community and his home in Irvine,  California.   Lieutenant Colonel Friend is survived by his children: Thelma,  Robert, Jr., Michael, Debra, Dana, Karen, and Clara Ann Browning; 18  grandchildren, 32 great-grandchildren, and 14 great-great- grandchildren. His son, Darryl, died in 2002 while on active duty in  the military.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the other Members of the California delegation  for signing on in support of this bill and ensuring that Lieutenant  Colonel Friend's name is memorialized and his legacy lives on for  future generations.   