 Madam Speaker, I rise to voice my support for  H.R 4502, a bill which provides funding for numerous critical federal  programs for Fiscal Year 2022.   I want to thank our Chairwoman, Rosa DeLauro for leading the  appropriations process this year and ensuring that our committee marked  up all twelve appropriations bills. I also thank the Speaker, Leader  Hoyer, and Whip Clyburn for working to get this bill to the floor.   Lastly, I want to thank Chairs Bishop, Kaptur, Pingree, Price,  Quigley, and Wasserman Schultz for their leadership in crafting each of  these individual bills included in this package.   This bill makes critical investments to fight poverty, hunger  homelessness, and housing insecurity. It funds reproductive health,  education and labor programs that create opportunities for our youth.  As the Co-Chair of the Pro-Choice Caucus, I am proud that this bill  removes the Hyde and Weldon amendments. These provisions have long had  a terrible and disproportionate impact on low-income women and women of  color. Getting them off the books will be a huge step forward for  reproductive and racial justice.   I represent a district in the Bay Area that has some of the biggest  challenges with transportation and housing affordability in the  country. This bill will help 125 thousand new families get and keep a  roof over their heads. And it includes six hundred million for Housing  Opportunities for People with AIDS, to help people struggling with the  converging pandemics of HIV and poverty to combat both in tandem.   This bill comes at a time when we can no longer ignore that systemic  racism is at the heart of every crisis we face today--from the COVID-19  pandemic disproportionately impacting communities of color, to the  crisis of police brutality.   Crucially, this bill includes my request to require HHS to develop a  comprehensive plan to develop a National Center on Antiracism and  Health Equity. This new Center will be a cross-cutting effort that  would address the shortage of behavioral health professionals and Black  men in medicine, barriers for people living with HIV, the need for  increased research for diseases such as Sickle Cell and COPD, and  empowering trusted messengers of our communities.   This bill also funds a pilot program under the Office of Minority  Health to oversee grants to support community-based organizations  working to address structural racism in public health. I would like to  thank Congresswoman Pressley and Senator Warren for partnering with me  in this effort.   I am happy to see increased funding for lifesaving programs such as  the Ryan White Program and the Minority HIV/AIDS Initiative. As the Co- Chair of the Congressional HIV/AIDS Caucus, I will look forward to  continuing to work with all of you to end the HIV epidemic by 2030.   Finally, as the Co-Chair of the Congressional Cannabis Caucus, I was  glad to see cannabis research as a priority through various agencies.  Gaining scientific data on cannabis will be valuable in further  understanding its potential benefits.   I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 4502.   