 Mr. Speaker, after decades of living through  discrimination from our government, my older Black neighbors in my  district finally began having a sense of hope that a new generation of  elected leaders is here.   Recently, however, those same neighbors have told me they began to  feel that fear again because of what is happening here in this Chamber.  In today's Republican Party, Marjorie Taylor Greene's world views are  violent, anti-Black, racist, Islamophobic, and anti-Semitic, and they  are condoned.   Every single day that goes by without outright condemnation from  every single one of her Republican colleagues, without consequences for  her extremist views, is an outright endorsement of white supremacy. We  owe it to our residents who have been victim of these very hateful  views to take action.   When Members like Marjorie Taylor Greene proudly claim that Muslims  shouldn't be allowed in this Congress, or that 9/11 attacks were fake,  or that the Speaker of the House should be executed, there must be  consequences.    Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague for her incredible  courage. I asked her to go last because this is so personal. This is so  hard because, as many of my colleagues and my closest colleagues know,  on my very first day of orientation, I got my first death threat.   It was a serious one. They took me aside. The FBI had to go to the  gentleman's home. I didn't even get sworn in yet and someone wanted me  dead for just existing.   More came later; uglier, more violent. One celebrating in writing the  New Zealand massacre and hoping that more would come. Another mentioned  my dear son, Adam, mentioning him by name. Each one paralyzed me each  time.   So what happened on January 6, all I can do is thank Allah that I  wasn't here. I felt overwhelming relief. I feel bad for Alexandria and  so many of my colleagues who were here; but as I saw it, I thought to  myself, Thank God I am not there. I saw the images that they didn't get  to see until later.   My team and I decided at that point we would keep the death threats  away. We tried to report them, document them, to keep them away from me  because it just paralyzed me. All I wanted to do was come here and  serve the people who raised me; the people who told my mother, who only  had an 8th grade education, that she deserves human dignity; people who  believed in me.   So it is hard. It is hard when my seven brothers and six sisters beg  me to get protection, many urging me to get a gun for the first time.  And I have to tell you, the trauma from just being here, existing as a  Muslim woman is so hard. But imagine my team, which I love and just  adore. They are diverse. I have LGBTQ staff. I have a beautiful Muslim  who wears her hijab proudly in the halls. I have Black women who are so  proud to be here, to serve their country. I worry every day for their  lives because of this rhetoric. I never thought that they would feel  unsafe here.   So I ask my colleagues to please try not to dehumanize what is  happening. This is real. And you know many of our residents, from the  shootings in Charlottesville to the massacre at the synagogue, all of  it--all of it is led by hate rhetoric like this. So I urge my  colleagues to please, please take what happened on January 6 seriously.  It will lead to more deaths. We can do better. We must do better.   