 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in full support of the waiver  for General Lloyd Austin, to grant President Biden his historic  nomination for Secretary of Defense.   The concern of civilian control of the military and Department of  Defense should not be lost in this waiver. There are valid concerns in  granting second waivers so soon. The missed opportunity for the House-- the Chamber closest to the American citizens to hear from General  Austin directly--is disappointing, but these are not normal times. The  layers of security currently protecting the Capitol is a stark reminder  that President Biden, our servicemembers, and our Nation need top  defense leadership in place expeditiously.   There is no question General Austin is a devoutly patriotic man. He  has served our country with utter distinction and honor. His  qualifications, experience, and perspective are what our Nation needs  today. His service to our country extends over 4 decades. His talent  and dedication to America's security shines in roles few Americans can  fully comprehend. Yet again and again he stands before us, hat in hand,  willing to serve the Stars and Stripes today.   The question is: Can he disconnect a potentially unconscious bias  toward a military mindset?   As he assured the Senate and the American people throughout his  confirmation hearing, there is no doubt he will. He has been honed in  decisionmaking in the most difficult situations. In a matter of weeks,  both the House Armed Services Committee and our Defense Appropriations  Subcommittee will welcome a newly minted Secretary of Defense Austin.   Members can hear even more from him directly as to how he will lead  as a civilian. Over my years as a defense appropriator, I have come to  realize our military personnel are phenomenal at filling the roles they  are assigned.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, our military personnel are continuously placed in  nontraditional positions and time and again perform flawlessly. There  is no doubt General Austin understands being a member of the  President's Cabinet requires a different perspective. He will fill this  role and perform admirably.  [[Page H215]]    For these reasons, I encourage all my colleagues to support this  waiver.   