 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill. As  has been mentioned, it makes key changes in the Afghan Allies  Protection Act to ensure that the Special Immigrant Visa program, which  is part of current law, works as Congress intended to protect the lives  of Afghan nationals who served honorably alongside U.S. troops in  Afghanistan.   For the past several years, many of us have expressed grave concerns  about the challenges our allies face in navigating the Special  Immigrant Visa process. It currently takes an average  [[Page H3810]]  of 3 years to complete the process, which includes numerous forms,  applications, detailed documentary requirements, and lengthy criminal  background and national security checks.   This bill makes important changes to streamline the application  without compromising the national security interests or the integrity  of the program.   Now, I think back to when we voted after 9/11, and I don't think any  of us--and I will speak for myself--believed that we were starting a  20-year war, the longest war in America's history. During that war,  Afghans stepped forward to serve beside our brave military.   I am proud that veterans in this Congress, both Republicans and  Democrats, have stepped forward to work together to make sure that this  bill moves forward so that we can honor our commitment.   Mr. Speaker, we are finally leaving Afghanistan after 20 years, our  longest war. We have a moral obligation to ensure that our allies can  safely and more quickly be removed from harm, so we need to stand by  these brave men and women and pass this bill. It is in the national  interest.   If we can't keep our promises to our allies, who is going to believe  us in the future?   Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Crow from Colorado, in  particular, for leading on this important legislation. I urge my  colleagues to support the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of our  former colleague Jerry Lewis.   My colleagues here have spoken to the mark he left on the House of  Representatives. I'd like to take a moment speak to his legacy in the  California delegation, where he was the longest serving Republican in  our state's history.   Whether it was as my counterpart as Chair of the California  Republican Congressional Delegation, during his tenure as Republican  [[Page H3837]]  Conference Chair, or his time as Chairman of the Appropriations  Committee, Jerry was always willing to work with his California  colleagues on both sides of the aisle to address the needs of our  state.   If Jerry had anything to say about it, California was getting its  fair share.   During his time in Sacramento he helped establish the South Coast Air  Quality Management District. He understood the need to deal with the  horrific smog that was plaguing much of Southern California, and  particularly the Inland Empire.   George Miller once pointed out that Jerry and he were on opposing  sides of legislation to create the Mojave Desert National Park, but  that once the park was created, Jerry immediately turned around and  worked with the delegation to ensure that the public had access and  that there would be improvements to the park.   That's the kind of legislator he was--instead of being consumed by  what divides us, Jerry like to move to the next problem to solve.   We've missed his presence in the House over the last decade. Our  thoughts are with his wife Arlene and his children and grandchildren.   