 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to support the  budget resolution and to underscore the need for us to keep moving  forward on helping the American people during this pandemic.   It is clear to me from the people of the Northwest that we have to do  more to help them, whether it is vaccines, more PPE equipment, helping  our small businesses continuing to move through this process. It means  helping to also understand individuals most hard-hit by the pandemic  and sectors of our economy most hard-hit. It means helping to put kids  back into school. It means making sure that we fund the E-rate Program  and do more on broadband. And it also means we have to avoid more  layoffs, if possible, to help make sure Americans have jobs to pay the  bills at home.   I hope that we can find a bipartisan compromise and move forward on  these. There are issues that we have been able to do in the past two  COVID packages to get bipartisan support. I hope that our colleagues  will continue to look for those paths, but we have to keep helping the  American people within the Congress's jurisdiction.   I know some of my colleagues from the committee are going to come out  here and talk today. We have really focused on the issues of our  transportation sector and how hard-hit our transportation sector has  been.   I know that people see today's headlines even about airlines that are  issuing furlough notices as part of their requirement to do so. But  when we have these furlough notices, basically, what you are doing is  you are disrupting our transportation delivery system. People who end  up getting furloughed end up having to set retraining and reestablish  before they can go back to the sector.   We want to keep our transportation sector moving because, obviously,  the movement of goods and services of people is critical to delivering  on the pandemic and to helping our economy not suffer even greater  economic impact.   We have seen how important the transportation sector is. We have seen  even recently out in the West how our dockworkers, the ILWU and others,  have suffered major infection rates of COVID, and this now starts to  threaten our delivery of goods and products through those systems. We  need to do more to get them vaccines and to make sure that we are  moving Americans' products through our ports as well.   I want to talk about the fact that the aviation sector represents 5  percent of our GDP. That is 11 million jobs and $1.6 trillion in  economic activity. The aviation sector is important to us, overall, and  continuing to maintain our competitiveness there and to grow the  economy of the future is very critical. That is why we continue to work  for and look for ways to keep the aviation system going during the  pandemic and why we are continuing to move the support for airlines in  this package. Congress has twice acted to provide critical relief to  airline workers, pilots, mechanics, flight attendants, and we will  continue to do so as part of this budget reconciliation.   As I mentioned, avoiding furloughs keeps highly skilled pilots and  crew members trained and ready to go as part of the transportation  sector.   As we have seen with this economy, we are now--I think the sector is  back to almost 40 percent of where it was prior to the pandemic.  Helping to preserve that commerce and trade has helped our economy and  our U.S. airports, which also have been impacted by this and have had  continued economic losses, and we want to help them with moving forward  on this plan.   We also want to work on a bipartisan basis to do more to help  aviation manufacturing that has been greatly impacted by this. The  aviation aerospace sector has lost so many jobs, and there are hundreds  of thousands more at risk.   I know my colleague from Kansas and my colleague from Virginia,  Senators Moran and Warner, have been working on a proposal. We  certainly want to continue to work on a bipartisan basis to make sure  that as much of the aviation workforce can keep going, so as we return  to the very competitive environment of aviation, we have a workforce  that is skilled there to do it.   We also have to do more to help Amtrak. The revenues of ridership  dropped 97 percent compared to the 2019 ridership, and Amtrak has been  forced to furlough over 2,000 employees. It has had to cut essential  services on long-distance and State routes. Trust me. My colleagues  from Montana, Senator Tester and Senator Daines, have brought these  issues up. Without additional relief, essential services that connect  rural communities will be cut further. I can tell you, in Montana,  [[Page S419]]  where people go to see Glacier National Park and the wonders of that  great State, having this essential service is key.   We don't want do more damage to the economy, as we continue to deal  with the pandemic, by underinvesting in the infrastructure that has to  keep operating to help our economy. So I am going to continue to work  with our colleague Senator Wicker in his efforts on Amtrak and continue  to move forward.   Also, I know of the impact of transportation on the State budget that  we have seen. In the State of Washington, for example, there is a whole  list of projects that is now going to be delayed--projects that are not  finished, are not done--just because of the loss of revenue from  ridership and transportation. So our transportation infrastructure  needs to be kept going, and the workforce that keeps it going needs to  be supported. This is going to be a key aspect of the next budget  reconciliation package and what we are going to work on.   I hope our colleagues can understand how important this is to our  economy and how important it is to the men and women who serve in the  transportation sector. If I could just say, there are so many people in  the transportation sector that just went and did their jobs. We have  lost lives in aviation. We have lost lives in transit. We have lost  lives with dockworkers. People have just showed up to continue to do  their jobs, so we need to do better by passing this package and giving  them support, more vaccines, more equipment, and more support in  funding so we can keep Americans working in jobs but working safely.  That is what this next package will be about.   I yield to my colleagues who are going to talk about other priorities  within this particular sector. I see my colleague from New Mexico on  the floor.   