 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, for his  ongoing leadership to bring this important legislation to the floor,  and for the work of the Rules Committee ongoing to make sure that we  have the right discussion on the floor to meet the needs of the  American people.   Mr. Speaker, multiple times now, the Democratic House has taken  action to honor our responsibility to address the priority of the debt  limit. We have done so because this is about protecting families.   The failure to lift the debt limit could result in the loss of up to  6 million jobs, the elimination of $15 trillion in household wealth,  and drastic increases in the cost of car loans, mortgages, student  loans, credit card bills, and other borrowing.   Our action also protects the American economy. When we say domestic  economy, we are talking domestic, we are talking kitchen table when we  talk about car loans, mortgages, student loans, credit card bills, et  cetera, as well as jobs and trillions of dollars in household wealth.   In terms of the domestic economy at large, our action protects the  economy, preventing a decline in the real GDP of up to 4 percent, a  surge in the unemployment rate, as I mentioned, and what JPMorgan Chase  CEO Jamie Dimon called a: ``catastrophe of unbelievable proportions and  damage to America for up to 100 years.''   This is also about the health of the global economy; kitchen table  economy, broader domestic economy, national economy, the global  economy.   The Council of Economic Advisors has stated: ``A default would send  shock waves through global financial markets and would likely cause  credit markets worldwide to freeze up and stock markets to plunge.  Employers around the world would likely have to begin laying off  workers.''   It goes on to say: ``The 2008 financial crisis had ripple effects  throughout the global economy that ricocheted back to the U.S. shores,  causing firms to lay off workers and cut private investment. A  financial crisis driven by a default has the potential to be even  worse, in addition to hitting a global economy not fully recovered from  the pandemic.''   Addressing the debt limit honors our duty to the Constitution. The  14th Amendment, Section 4, states: ``The validity of the public debt of  the United States, authorized by law . . . shall not be questioned.''   My question, Mr. Speaker, to you and to our colleagues, is: What is  it that they have against families, when they want to increase  unemployment, decrease household wealth, and have families be charged  more for car loans, credit card loans, mortgage payments, and other  borrowing?   Don't you care about that?   What do you have against our own economy, where this catastrophe of  unbelievable proportion could have impact for over 100 years?   Don't you care about that?   Also, the health of the global economy, which I described so clearly  causing credit markets worldwide to freeze up and stock markets to  plunge and employers around the world have to begin laying off workers,  again, coming back to our shores.   Certainly, you have respect for the Constitution of the United States  to which we take an oath to protect and defend, which states: ``The  validity of the public debt of the United States, authorized by law . .  . shall not be questioned.''   Let us be clear about what this means. Addressing the debt limit is  not about future spending, as some have tried to represent. This is  about meeting obligations that the Government has already incurred,  including from the bipartisan COVID relief legislation passed last  year. Only 3 percent of the current debt that we are addressing here  has been incurred during the Biden years. We are talking about the  Trump debt incurred and some of it in a bipartisan way to address the  COVID crisis. Not all, though. We were not complicit in the Republican  tax scam to give 83 percent of benefits to the top 1 percent in our  country, adding about $2 trillion that we have to cover here now.   Let us remember: This should not be controversial. The debt limit has  been a longtime bipartisan issue. Congress has addressed the debt limit  78 times since 1960: 29 times with a Democratic President in the White  House and 49 times under a Republican President, almost twice as many  times under a Republican President.   But it has always been bipartisan. It has not always been unanimous.  People have registered their concerns and their complaints. But up  until now, they haven't stood in the way of passing legislation.   More recently, in 2011, each of the seven times that the debt limit  was addressed, Congress did so on a bipartisan basis. This includes  three times under the last administration, when Democrats cooperated in  order to protect the economy from catastrophe.   I want to remind us that when President Obama was President and the  Republican majority in the Congress was threatening to not lift the  debt limit, just the threat of that had an impact on our credit rating.  Our credit rating went down. The mere discussion of not lifting the  debt limit had a negative impact on our credit rating.   Don't you care about that?   It is sad that Republican obstruction has delayed action for so long,  and it is sad that they will not join us for a longer-term suspension.   The full faith and credit of the United States must never be  questioned and the financial security of families must never be gambled  with, as our Republican colleagues seem to be doing, even though, as  Mr. Hoyer mentioned, that Mr. McConnell at one point was saying was  playing Russian roulette with the economy.   Russian roulette from Moscow Mitch. Interesting.   Democrats are for the people. I urge a strong bipartisan vote for  this legislation and for protecting the economic strength of America's  working families.   Mr. Speaker, I commend the chairman for bringing this to the floor  and ask for a unanimous vote on this important legislation.   