 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this rule and  the underlying resolution.   Mr. Speaker, there are moments in our country's history when we are  presented with stark choices, choices between right and wrong. And the  violence of January 6 has made it clear that we are at such a moment.  January 6 was a shocking assault on our government.   On the orders of the former President, thousands of rioters destroyed  public property, gravely injured police officers, terrorized lawmakers,  and invaded the Capitol to halt the certification of the electoral  college required by the Constitution. That day cannot be minimized or  swept under the carpet because the forces that inspired that attack are  still stoking the fires of chaos and conspiracy.   Congress has tasked a bipartisan select committee with investigating  the January 6 attack, and that committee has outlined why it needs  Steve Bannon's testimony to fully understand the events leading up to  that attack.   However, when subpoenaed to testify, Mr. Bannon told the select  committee to pound sand. Mr. Bannon is a private citizen; he is not  above the law and cannot refuse to obey a subpoena any more than you or  I or any American can. Neither Mr. Bannon nor the former President has  made any credible legal arguments to shield his testimony.   Patriotism demands that anyone with knowledge of that dark day come  forward, and the rule of law and our Constitution demand that everyone  in this Congress support this investigation.   I am incredibly disappointed that Republican leadership and so many  of their colleagues continue to oppose any attempt to investigate the  January 6 attack. They opposed legislation to create a bipartisan  commission. They opposed the creation of the select committee. And they  are now trying to prevent the committee from carrying out its work.   This is not a time for games or delays, all of which have allowed the  former President and his allies, like Mr. Bannon, to escape  accountability thus far. This is a time for courage, the courage to  protect our Constitution and our national integrity.   I am grateful to the members of the select committee for having the  courage to put loyalty to country over partisan politics.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge all of my colleagues to support this  rule.   