 Madam Speaker, when I say ``war hero,'' what image comes  to mind?   Some might imagine a brave soldier charging an enemy position, who  reminds us of what it means to be courageous. Others might think of a  medic dodging enemy fire to provide care for their wounded brother-in- arms, who reminds us of what it means to be selfless. And, still,  others might think of a prisoner of war, like my father, a pilot in  World War II, who was shot down on D-day and whose stoic survival  through inhumane conditions reminds us of what it means to be  resilient.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in honor of another type of war hero:  Those who go to war armed only with illusion and creativity.   In World War II, two top-secret units, known as the Ghost Army, used  combat deception to fool the Nazis. They risked their lives to draw  forces away from American combat units so that they would face less  resistance. This required a special kind of courage. Whereas a typical  American unit had tanks made of steel, the Ghost Army was equipped with  tanks made of rubber.   Using inflatable equipment, sound effects, radio trickery, and  impersonation, the Ghost Army made it appear there were tens of  thousands of combat troops where there really were none. In operations  throughout the war, their actions were decisive.   In September of 1944, they filled a 25-mile gap in Patton's line that  had opened up after he charged across France. In March of 1945, they  impersonated two full divisions to draw enemy attention away from the  Ninth Army's crossing of the Rhine River. Their combat deceptions  worked brilliantly.   According to a U.S. Army analysis after the war, the Ghost Army  deception saved up to an estimated 30,000 Allied lives. Their tactics  were so effective that the Army kept them secret for more than 50 years  after the war. And because of this classification, the men of the Ghost  Army were never recognized for their heroism and contributions to  defeating fascism in Europe.    Madam Speaker, H.R. 707, the Ghost Army Congressional  Gold Medal Act, would right this wrong by awarding the Congressional  Gold Medal to the Ghost Army.   I am proud that 75 years after their service, with the help of my  colleague from Utah, Mr. Stewart, the Ghost Army will finally get some  recognition that it so deserves. I thank my colleague for his help.   Madam Speaker, I encourage all of our colleagues to support this  bill.   