 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the rule  providing for consideration of the NO BAN Act, the Access to Counsel  Act of 2021, and the Washington, D.C. Admission Act. All three bills  advance important policies that I am proud to support.   I will never forgot the night in January 2017 that the Trump  administration's ban on travel from Muslim countries went into effect.  I was not yet in Congress, and my job involved coordinating free legal  services across the U.S., including representation for immigrants.   As foreign citizens landed in the U.S., they were told that their  travel papers were revoked while they were in the air, and some were  taken into custody and some were immediately deported. Families were  separated, and friends and relatives arriving to pick up loved ones at  U.S. airports frantically tried to get information about them. Many  were denied the right to counsel, who were trying to reach them.   Attorneys and immigration agencies across the country immediately  mobilized to help those impacted by the illegal and ill-conceived ban.  I spent the next few weeks working around the clock, dispatching  volunteers to airports, mobilizing translators, and organizing legal  efforts.   Having seen the chaos and cruelty caused by the Trump  administration's ill-fated ban, I am particularly pleased by the  opportunity to pass the NO BAN Act and the Access to Counsel Act.   First, the NO BAN Act would ensure that no future administration  would have the authority to discriminate against people based on their  religious background or national origin when choosing to restrict the  entry of immigrants into our country.   Having witnessed the chaos and cruelty of the Muslim ban, I  wholeheartedly support this legislation, which would prevent future  administrations from similarly abusing their executive authority.   I am also proud to support the Access to Counsel Act, which would  ensure that individuals at ports of entry can seek legal advice,  whether from volunteers or at their own expense, during the screening  process. Access to counsel is critical for ensuring the fair and  equitable enforcement of our laws, but especially in immigration  matters where the law is so complicated and the consequences so grave.   Madam Speaker, I support these three bills, which would make our  immigration laws more fair and protect due process.   