 Mr. President, I come to the floor to talk about the  Local Journalism Sustainability Act.   And before the majority leader leaves, I want to thank him for his  leadership on such an important piece of legislation. From the very  beginning, he understood the fact that diversity in resources is about  competition and is a key part of our democracy, and we wouldn't be at  the precipice of getting support for local journalism without his help.  So I thank him for that.   We originally introduced legislation here in the Senate that Senators  Wyden, Kelly, Schatz, Markey, Murray, Klobuchar, my colleague Senator  Schumer, Manchin, Cortez Masto, Sinema, Baldwin, Lujan, Leahy, and  Blumenthal all supported.   This is important legislation. We hope our House colleagues will take  this up this afternoon or tomorrow, as it is included in the Build Back  Better program, to make sure that we have the free press that is  essential to our democracy and that we have true competition.   Local news is a trusted source of news. Working to high journalistic  standards, local newspapers and broadcasters play a critical role in  holding our elected officials accountable, shining a spotlight on  important news, and challenging the issues of our community to come to  light. As one friend of mine said, local news is like hanging a lantern  on a problem so that the light shines through.   That is exactly why we want to make sure that we continue to support  having this diversity of voices, especially while we see in the online  world unfair and uncompetitive practices that we know will be discussed  by our colleagues, looked at by the Department of Justice, and  certainly legislation proposed about. But in the meantime, we want to  keep this diversity of voices working.   We know that since 2005, newspapers have lost more than 40,000  newsroom employees--about 60 percent of their workforce. Most States  have lost more than 50 percent of their newsroom workforce. We cannot  let regional and community news organizations continue to die as we  navigate very challenging information-age business issues. That is why  this legislation is so important.   Local journalism is highly trusted in communities around the country.  According to a 2019 study from Gallup and Knight Foundation, Americans  trust local news over national news by a 2-to-1 margin to ``report the  news without bias.'' Local journalism has developed that trust based on  transparency, accuracy, ethical reporting, and shining a light on  important issues, including crime and corruption, and holding public  officials accountable.   Local news reporting takes national news stories and translates them  into their community news, and America's newspapers and online  journalists and radio and television broadcasters are at the heart of  this media landscape.   During the pandemic, broadcasters continued to provide essential  information to audiences, reporting the news and helping us keep  connected on such an important issue.   The Local Journalism Sustainability Act is essential to maintaining  that trust, that diversity of voices, and that local perspective. The  tax incentives in this bill will help local newspapers and digital-only  news journalists and broadcast newsrooms remain financially viable to  retain and hire local-based journalists to cover local news stories.   This bill helps incentivize newspapers and broadcasters, including  those owned by larger entities, to invest in reporting local news to  their relevant communities.   Local and regional minority-owned businesses and outlets also benefit  from this provision, which is one of the reasons why the association  representing the Black press, the National Newspaper Publishers  Association, and the National Association of Hispanic Publications also  support this legislation.   America's democracy really does depend on ensuring that we have  access to information and that we have informed decisions. Doing so  also means that we have true competition and information and news that  can be verified.   So I am pleased that the House has incorporated this important  provision into the Build Back Better reconciliation program. I hope  that when this comes to the Senate, our colleagues will join in  supporting this, in helping local newspapers, radio and television  stations, and digital journalists continue to help us get the news.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   