 Madam Speaker, I thank the coanchor, Sheila Jackson Lee. I  thank her for her stellar leadership and all of her diligent work and  labor in this vineyard.   To the dynamic coanchor, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Torres), I  thank him so very much.   To our illustrious chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, I am so  very proud of her work and very proud of her leadership, and I thank  her so much.   Power is what makes the difference in lives and communities. The  first thing you have to understand about power and how to get it: You  don't ask somebody how to get it, where it is, if you can have it. You  take it.   Madam Speaker, I rise tonight to talk about our most fundamental  right in a democracy, the power of the vote, the right to vote.   While we have made amazing strides over the past century--votes for  women, voting rights for Native Americans and indigenous people, the  end of racist Jim Crow laws that completely suppressed the Black votes  in certain States, and lowering the voting age to 18--we are still  marching because the promise of one person, one vote continues to be  abridged by State legislatures across the country.   Marches, sit-ins, and protests are part of our rights as Americans,  but we shouldn't have to March 245 years after the Declaration of  Independence. We shouldn't have to march 151 years after the 15th  Amendment guaranteed Black Americans the right to vote. We shouldn't  have to march a full century after women's suffrage.   But we will continue to march, and we will continue to make our  voices heard until every adult citizen can freely, fairly, and easily  access the ballot. To cast a vote is at the core of what it means to be  American. It is how we build a more perfect Union.   Here in the House, we have passed voting rights bills that bring us  closer to a more perfect Union. As we await the support of our Senate  colleagues on this urgent matter, the issue of voting rights, I want to  leave you with this because I have to tell you that, in my State of  North Carolina, there is a lot of mischief going on, and there has been  for a number of years.   As the gentlewoman knows, my district was considered to be the  district that they described as ``surgical precision.'' It continues to  be a problem.   I have been a State legislator for 20 years. I have witnessed  legislation that targets African Americans with almost surgical  precision and imposes cures for problems that did not exist--that is,  unless you think African Americans voting is a problem.   Congress cannot tolerate State-level attempts to curb our most  fundamental right. Now is the time to make sure that every American who  can vote has the opportunity to do so. This is our power, our message.   