 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  am so glad he is back.   Madam Speaker, I rise to speak in support of the Protecting the Right  to Organize Act, or the PRO Act.   I am the daughter of a garment worker. So the fight for workers'  rights has always had a special place in my heart. My mother toiled and  worked every single day in the sweatshops in New Haven, Connecticut,  sewing shirt collars and dresses. She was piecework, which meant she  got pennies on the dollar.   As chair of the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services,  Education, and Related Agencies, I work every day to ensure that her  early struggles were not in vain.   I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the PRO Act, introduced by  the chair of the Committee, Congressman  Bobby Scott. It strengthens  the right of working people to come together in unions to secure better  wages and better working conditions.   The COVID-19 pandemic has further exposed the single biggest economic  challenge of our times, which is that people's pay does not keep up  with the rising costs of healthcare, education, and childcare.   And from 1980 to 2017, average incomes for the bottom 90 percent of  households stagnated to a 1.1 percent increase, while skyrocketing more  than 180 percent for the wealthiest 1 percent in this country. It is no  coincidence that at the same time, union membership fell for a record  low to 10 percent.   Economists at Princeton found that the alarming rise of income  inequality since the 1970s can be at least partially attributed to the  decline in union membership.   The PRO Act is about leveling the playing field for working people.  It would directly address the issues facing workers across the entire  economy and give equal access to the collective bargaining process. In  sum, it would ensure workers' rights keep pace with the new economy.   As Nobel prize winning economist Joseph Stiglitz has said:  ``Inequality is not inevitable. It is about the public policy choices  we make, not globalization, not technology.''  [[Page H1089]]    Madam Speaker, we have the opportunity today to choose a public  policy that, in fact, will defend and protect working people in this  country. Pass the PRO Act.   