 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I present this amendment at the desk  today because for a very long period of time, the United States has and  continues to uphold obsolete and old provisions from the war on drugs.   This provision specifically has, for a very long period of time,  prevented and acted as a barricade to Federal research on certain  substances--such as psilocybin, MDMA, and marijuana--in allowing us to  research the applications and potential therapeutic applications of  these drugs in the treatment of diseases such as PTSD, addiction, and  depression.   We are long overdue and in a moment of reckoning to make sure that we  not only rectify the harms from the past but allow us to research the  potential medicinal applications of these substances. The first step in  doing that is ending and taking down some of these old provisional  barriers to research.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, briefly, I think one of the things  that is important to acknowledge is that to have such a broad and vague  provision in what qualifies as promotion, it includes research and, one  could argue, primarily affects scientific research to prevent us from  actually having the evidence to assess these substances for what they  are.   Currently, much of the research that is being conducted right now is  reliant on private funding, or the stigma and fear and the chilling  effect associated with having these provisions on the books, which are  largely unnecessary, prevents such critical research from being funded.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Correa), my colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, with acknowledgment of that point, I think many of us  have a shared outcome and a shared goal here, which is to help people  who are hurting.   Right now, more than 40,000 people die in the United States of opioid  overdoses annually. At least one in two PTSD patients cannot tolerate  or do not respond adequately to existing treatment. We have promising  indications that certain drugs that, frankly, are unjustly, in my  opinion, placed on a schedule I list have promising outcomes for people  who are suffering from PTSD, including our veterans.   We have to have the research in order to develop these holistic,  whole person treatments. That research deserves to be in the realm of  the public. That research deserves to be eligible for public funding. A  blanket, vague ban that was borne out of fear and the paranoia of the  war on drugs should not be defining the limits of our ability to act  responsibly today.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, to that point, I believe that this  problem does very much exist. Much of the research that is being  conducted today must rely on private funding, and we cannot allow for  that to be limited in its scope.   If we only allow corporations or if we only allow well-moneyed  interests and wealthy interests to have a monopoly on the ability to  research these drugs, we are not acting and really fully using the  resources of the public in order to determine the full benefits that  could be possible.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   