 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2008, the Local  Water Protection Act.   Madam Speaker, in the Land of 10,000 Lakes, we take water quality  very seriously. Not only are our lakes and waterways critical for  transporting agriculture goods, but they are at the core of Minnesota's  natural beauty and tourism economy.   That is why I was so proud to introduce the bipartisan Local Water  Protection Act to reauthorize funding for pollution mitigation efforts  in our communities.   From 1987 to 1991, Congress authorized funds each year for the  Environmental Protection Agency's Nonpoint Source Management grants  program, which provides grants to State and local governments to reduce  water pollution.   Our Local Water Protection Act would reauthorize funding for this  important task with $200 million annually to help protect our lakes,  rivers, and streams, and protect them for future generations.   This program would give State and local governments the authority to  create locally-focused, voluntary conservation programs that are  tailor-made for their own communities. And recent history in my home  district demonstrates that these programs are incredibly effective.   In fact, the Goodhue County Soil and Water Conservation District is  currently working to reduce pollutants in the Mississippi River-Lake  Pepin watershed by 20 percent. And I would add, I was out there on Lake  Pepin just this last weekend with some great folks.   In Wabasha County, these projects provided low-interest loans to  improve residential infrastructure and help farmers come into  compliance with pollution standards.   And the South Washington Watershed District integrated a stormwater  reuse plan that is estimated to reduce potable water usage by more than  40 million gallons annually. There is no doubt that these programs can  be effective, and there is no good reason why we shouldn't prioritize  them.   As we look toward preserving our environment, I urge my colleagues to  support this bipartisan legislation, and I thank my colleague, the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mast) for introducing the bill with me.   Madam Speaker, thank you so much, and I urge my colleagues to support  this piece of legislation.   