 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my amendment to  H.R. 4502, the consolidated appropriations legislation that will fund,  among other Federal agencies, the Department of Health and Human  Services, including the National Institutes of Health.   This bill represents a strong investment in our national health care  infrastructure, workforce, and research and development enterprise--and  I thank Chairwoman DeLauro for her strong leadership in ensuring that  Congress invests in the health of the American people as we continue to  recover from the COVID-19 pandemic. However, the health care challenges  are more diverse than COVID-19 alone and warrant our careful attention  and consideration. The historic investments in the National Institutes  of Health, National Cancer Institute, and other health agencies are  critical to addressing many of these health conditions and social  issues.   I offered my amendment to this bill to address a critical gap in our  fight to improve care for and save the lives of America's most  vulnerable children--pediatric brain cancer patients. We have invested  in intensive clinical and biological research for years, including  through the National Cancer Institute, to investigate the origins of  and therapeutic options for pediatric cancers, but the mortality of  children with brain cancer remains high and is the leading cause of  pediatric cancer deaths.   While brain tumors are rare in number among pediatric patients, the  vulnerability of the patient population, combined with the array of  tumor subtypes, makes investigating and treating this terrible  condition a unique challenge for researchers. The National Cancer  lnstitute's Childhood Cancer Data Initiative is one effort to undertake  the difficult work of collecting phenotypic and genotypic data for  pediatric cancer patients to inform the biologic and molecular  underpinnings of these rare cancers.   I fully support this initiative--and my amendment would strengthen  its current work by directing the Childhood Cancer Data Initiative to  incorporate a key tool for researchers into its workflow--molecular  tumor board data. Molecular tumor boards use information from each  patient's tumor, including derived genotype and RNA and DNA profiling,  and links research to the clinical characteristics of the child, to  inform treatment decisions. These data sets are a rich source of real- world information that clinical scientists, treating physicians, and  families will be able to use in real time to make critical decisions on  care. Over time, they will improve our understanding of pediatric  cancers' origins and functions and also assist in the development of  new drugs, treatments, and potential cures.   Specifically, my amendment provides $2 million in further resources  for the National Cancer Institute's Childhood Cancer Data Initiative,  which should be sufficient resources to incorporate data from the 2000  most highly malignant brain tumor cases that occur in American children  each year. The Initiative is well positioned to incorporate molecular  tumor board data from diverse patients across the country, to work with  academic centers that have the expertise to review the data and suggest  treatment options, provide tumor board report information to patients  and families, and to follow cases for clinical endpoints on a  longitudinal basis.   Mr. Speaker, America's scientific and medical communities lead the  world in groundbreaking, lifesaving research, and this bill rightly  invests in furthering that national interest and strength. My amendment  builds on this goal by centering research on some of the most  vulnerable patients and some of the most unique and deadly health  conditions that affect America's children. These tumors and cancers  need innovative strategies to improve  [[Page H4071]]  care, quality of life, and survival. This research addresses the needs  of pediatric brain cancer patients and their families to access  precision-based therapeutics and medical experts. I urge my colleagues  to support my amendment and the underlying bill to invest in the health  of America's kids.   