 Mr. President, I thank Senator Murphy so much for  those beautiful words.   When you honor the victims as you did, you honor all victims. What I  have found about these crimes, particularly the crime of domestic  violence, is, so often, the victims have been hidden from view. It is a  crime that takes place in someone's bedroom with the door closed. It is  a crime that takes place in a house, a crime that no one ever sees. As  you know, in a situation like this, when there is a gun, it becomes  deadly.   One of my memories is of years ago when a police officer in a small  town in Minnesota responded to a domestic violence call. What a lot of  people don't know is that, oftentimes, those are the most dangerous  calls police officers take. It was a victim--very young--who had called  the police, and it was of someone who had severe mental illness  problems, her boyfriend. The police went to the door, and the door was  answered, and the guy shot the police officer. He was wearing a  bulletproof vest, but he shot him in the head. I was at that funeral.   It is a reminder that the crime of domestic violence isn't just about  one victim; it is about an entire community.   As the widow walked down the aisle of the church, she had her two  little boys with her, and she was holding this little girl in a dress  that was covered in stars. The last time that family had been in that  church was for the Nativity play that the boys had been in. The dad had  been sitting proudly in the front row, and now they were at his  funeral. That is what we are talking about with gun violence.   I join my colleagues on the floor to honor Americans whose lives were  cruelly and unjustly taken from us by gun violence, and I am going to  read some names of people who should never be forgotten.   In Alabama, Chase Green; in Arizona, Isaias Garcia Tovar, Sr., Isaias  Tovar, Jr., and Delia Noriega; in Connecticut, Dwaneia Turner; in  Delaware, Demier Chambers; in Florida, Earnest Lee ``Bug'' Riggs, Jr.;  in Illinois, Brenda Poss-Barnes, Greg Barnes, Sr., and Daniel Kinney;  in Indiana, Chanel Neal; in Kentucky, Kenya Renee Cunningham, Demontray  Rhodes, and Katherine Bryan; in Missouri, Johnnie Jones; in Ohio,  Alonzo Lewis; in Tennessee, Kevin Niyibizi; in Virginia, Eddie Jenkins;  in Wisconsin, Kevin Kloth and Kevin Schneider.   Those are just 20 names out of the thousands of people lost to gun  violence every year--an average of 100 gun violence deaths each day.  That is three classrooms of children.   We also know the communities where mass shootings occur will never be  the same. Atlanta, GA, and Boulder, CO, are now part of the ever  growing list of cities and towns forever altered but never forgotten-- Midland, Odessa, Dayton, El Paso, Virginia Beach, Pittsburgh, Parkland,  Las Vegas, Orlando, Charleston, Newtown, to name a few--and I am  greatly saddened that my home State of Minnesota also has communities  on that list. On average, someone is killed with a gun every 21 hours  in my State. That is 422 people each year.   Tonight, I am going to focus on the loss of two women from Minnesota,  both of whom were healthcare workers and both of whom were moms. For  the past year, frontline healthcare workers protected us from the  pandemic, but for Lindsay Overbay and Bao Yang, we failed to protect  them.   In February, Lindsay was killed in a horrible shooting at the Allina  Health Clinic in Buffalo, MN, where four of her coworkers were also  injured. This just happened last month. She was a medical assistant at  the clinic, and she devoted her life to healing others. She had a  wonderful laugh that would make a room spark to life. Her husband said  that her laugh was so distinctive that, if you walked into the clinic  and you heard her laughing, you knew exactly who it was.   The spark of her own life was her family--her husband of 10 years and  he beloved children, an 8-year-old boy and a 5-year-old girl. Friends  said that she lived and breathed her kids and that she cherished every  moment spent with them. Her field of cardiology put her in contact with  older patients whom she loved caring for because she said, ``They are  at an age where they say what they are thinking.'' It is gut-wrenching  and heartbreaking to think that Lindsay won't get to that age, won't  get that happy freedom, won't get to see her two children grow up and  graduate and have families of their own.    It has been reported that the shooter, whom some described as being a  disgruntled patient, had previously made threats against the clinic.   Although we don't know whether this tragedy could have been  prevented, in some way, we know it could have been. We should be doing  more to encourage States to pass commonsense laws and to pass laws  right here in this body that allow family members or law enforcement to  get a court order to temporarily prevent a person from buying a gun who  is in crisis.   By the way--and Senator Murphy knows this--after Parkland, I was in  the White House when Donald Trump was President. I was seated across  from him, and I was seated next to former Vice President Pence. I was  there because of the domestic violence bill that I lead, and I still  have the piece of paper on which I wrote the hashtags when Donald Trump  said that he was for universal background checks not once, not twice,  not three times, but multiple times. When we talked about this very  issue--the idea of getting a court order to temporarily prevent a  person who is in crisis from buying a gun, which is something that Vice  President Pence supported because of what had happened in Indiana, and  they had a similar law--President Trump said he was for it, that he was  for this stuff.   Then what happened? We all know this. The next day or 2 days later,  after this meeting that we had that was on TV, he met with the NRA, and  he backed down. We can't keep backing down, and we know we now have a  President in Joe Biden who will not back down.   Here is another story.   Just days ago, we lost another mother of two, Ms. Bao Yang of St.  Paul, MN. She worked hard to raise her sons, ages 21 and 11, as a  single mom. She held multiple jobs while she studied to be a nurse-- graduating and getting her license a few years ago.   According to her son, ``all she ever wanted was to raise my little  brother in the best life she could give him. I could see how much  stress she carried every day but still always managed to provide for''  us.   Bao's sister said she was a sweet, loving, caring, hard-working  person who only wanted the best for everyone.   But a few days ago--right around the time as what happened in  Atlanta; these stories are both completely fresh; they just happened-- on Saturday morning at 8:30, the police were called to her house, and  they found that she had been shot. She died later that  [[Page S1755]]  morning. According to her family, she was a victim of domestic  violence, turned deadly because of a gun. Her killer was her former  boyfriend.   Unfortunately, her story is far too common. According to the  Department of Justice, nearly half of the women who are killed by  intimate partners are killed by current or former dating partners.   Violence Free Minnesota, which is a statewide coalition of  organizations that provides services to victims of domestic abuse, said  of her homicide that she was the eighth Minnesotan to die due to  domestic violence this year. There were 29 domestic violence-related  deaths in Minnesota last year. Yet Federal law does not prohibit  abusive dating partners or convicted stalkers from buying a gun, which  is a problem I have been trying to fix since I got to Washington.   We had hearings on this bill. We had a hearing in the Judiciary  Committee years ago where the Republican witnesses agreed that we  should close what is called the ``boyfriend loophole.'' As one of the  conservative sheriffs from Wisconsin testified, he said that,  basically, mean boyfriends shoot just as hard and hit just as hard as  mean husbands. Yet that discrepancy exists in a number of States.   And what just happened just a few weeks ago? The Violence Against  Women Act passed in the House of Representatives, Senator Murphy. It  passed in the House of Representatives with 29 Republican votes, and  that provision is in there. That is now coming over to the U.S. Senate,  and it has been one of the reasons this bill has been stalled out.   I do not know how after what we have seen with the numbers of  domestic violence cases, after the story I just told of a woman we just  lost this weekend, and how after what happened in Atlanta, we cannot  acknowledge this violence against women and, in particular, against  women of color. This is one thing that we can do right now. We  literally can pass that bill as we work on background checks and all of  the other things that we need to do.   I will end with this, Senator Murphy, that what happened in your  State with the Sandy Hook shooting is forever etched in all of our  minds and memories. When people ask, ``What was your best day in the  Senate?'' I talk about a bill I passed--maybe little known to some-- involving a young girl who was killed as a result of a swimming pool  tragedy. We fixed that rule about pools at least a few years ago, and  no one has died since.   Then they ask about my saddest day. For me, it was when the  bipartisan background check went down, because those parents whom  Senator Murphy knows so well were in my office, and I was one of the  several Senators who had to tell them ``no'' even though they had had  the courage to come before the Senate. In particular, one woman told me  that story of waiting in the firehouse, waiting as, one by one, the  kids would come in, and, pretty soon, they knew that they would never  see their little boy again.   And as she just broke down crying, remembering the last thing she had  seen him do, which was point to the picture of the school aide on their  refrigerator, and as she sat there, crumpled on the floor, crying, she  thought of that aide and thought: She will never leave his side. And  when they found them, shot in the school, that woman had her arms  around that little boy, and they were both shot to death.   And we all had to look at those families and say: You had the courage  to come forward to fight for a bill that wouldn't have even prevented  the killing of children, but you knew it was the best thing to prevent  violence around the country, and that was background checks, but the  Senate did not have the courage to pass it. That time has come. The  courage must be in all of us, and we must get this done.   Thank you, Senator Murphy.   I yield the floor.   