 Mr. President, we recently marked the 20th anniversary of  September 11, a day that forever changed our Nation. This direct  assault on our country sparked the Global War on Terrorism, a war that  came at great personal cost to our men and women serving in the Armed  Forces.  [[Page S6547]]    As a combat veteran, as the mother of a future soldier, even simply  as an American, the events in Afghanistan have been extremely  disheartening to watch. I have heard from so many veterans and  servicemembers who served during this war, many of whom are distraught  and disappointed at the haphazard way the war in Afghanistan came to a  close. I have also heard from too many Gold Star families who lost so  much during this conflict--their spouses, their fathers, their mothers,  brothers, sisters, sons, and daughters.   Recent events have left them questioning themselves and whether their  family member's sacrifice was worth it.   While we can't put the genie back in the bottle when it comes to what  happened in Afghanistan last month, we can properly memorialize the  service of the brave men and women who fought and died to protect and  defend the United States since the beginning of the Global War on  Terror.   I stand before you today to ask that the Senate join with me in  honoring our Global War on Terrorism veterans and the sacrifices they  made by supporting and passing my bipartisan bill, the Global War on  Terrorism Memorial Location Act.   In August of 2017, Congress passed and President Trump signed into  law our bill authorizing the creation of a memorial commemorating the  sacrifices of all those wonderful Americans who fought in the Global  War on Terrorism.   This memorial will be 100 percent privately funded and will not use a  single dime of taxpayer money. Most importantly, it will pay tribute to  our fallen servicemembers across the country, including the 13 who  perished in Afghanistan on August 26. Among the 13 was Iowa native, Cpl  Daegan William-Tyeler Page, who bravely gave the greatest sacrifice of  all.   This memorial is going to be built. It has already become law. It is  ready to go. So let's get it built on the National Mall in Washington,  DC, where it belongs. It is the least we in Congress can do for the men  and women who have given so much.   We have the opportunity to unite around a common cause, while  providing a central location for our many veterans and their families  affected by the Global War on Terror to reunite and reflect on their  loved ones' sacrifices.   This isn't a partisan idea. Earlier this month, the six surviving  Secretaries of Defense, spanning Democratic and Republican  administrations--Robert Gates, Leon Panetta, Chuck Hagel, Ash Carter,  Jim Mattis, and Mark Esper--they all wrote an op-ed in the Washington  Post in support of placing the Global War on Terror Memorial on our  National Mall.   While nothing will ever restore the lives that we have lost, this  memorial would serve as a tribute to those brave men and women and  their loved ones who have sacrificed in defense of our freedom.   For more than 20 years, I had the privilege of serving my State and  country in uniform. As a veteran of the Global War on Terror, I know  firsthand the sacrifices the millions of brave men and women of our  Armed Forces made in this fight against radical extremists.   Like many others, I have risen my right hand and taken that oath  voluntarily and without reservation. That is why the effort to build  this memorial in its rightful place is a personal one, not just to me  but to every servicemember, veteran, surviving family member, and  civilian who has been impacted by this fight.   This national memorial will provide all Americans a permanent place  of reflection in the heart of our Nation's Capital. It will serve as a  permanent commitment to the mothers and fathers, husbands and wives,  and children who lost their whole world that this country is forever  grateful and in their debt. It will serve as a place of healing for the  thousands of veterans still carrying the wounds of war, both seen and  unseen.   The National Mall is currently home to the memorials honoring World  War II, the Korean war, and the Vietnam war. How could we put the  memorial for our Nation's longest war anywhere else?   Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources be discharged from  further consideration of S. 535 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read  a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Respectfully, I do not.    Mr. President, I will continue on this path. We, again,  passed this bill. It was signed into law in 2017, creating the  foundation to establish the Global War on Terrorism Memorial. So that  was the first step in a process that has now culminated after 4 years  of discussion and work. And I am very hopeful that the committee will  go through regular process.   I would encourage the chair to move forward on a markup of the bill  and a vote on the bill. If we can receive that markup and vote, then I  will stop my  [[Page S6548]]  live UCs. But until that point, I think it is imperative that we  continue pushing for that regular order.   I feel committed, obviously, to those whom I have served with, the  others who have served in the Global War on Terror, their families, the  affected communities, our Gold Star families, and others.   This is our Nation's longest running war. It is a war that has  affected more than just those servicemembers who set foot in the Middle  East. My commitment to those families, those communities, and our  country is that we will continue to proceed to make sure that this  memorial is placed in prominence on our National Mall.   I yield the floor.    Thank you.   I yield the floor.   