 Mr. President, during this impeachment trial, I  have adhered to the oath I swore at the trial's outset to ``do  impartial justice,'' and I have listened with care to the facts and law  presented to me as a juror.   These facts compel me to conclude that Donald Trump is guilty of  inciting an insurrection against our Republic.   As the evidence presented by the House impeachment managers has made  clear, Donald Trump used the powers at his disposal to ensure he could  keep his grip on the Presidency even though he lost the election.   As the sitting President and a candidate for reelection, Donald Trump  cast doubt on the results of that election for months, arguing that the  only way he would lose at the polls was by fraud. Then, after losing to  Joe Biden by a margin of 7 million votes in a free and fair election,  Donald Trump claimed it was a ``fraudulent election.''   As our system of government allows, Donald Trump turned to State and  Federal courts to hear his allegations of widespread fraud. Some of  those courts were presided over by judges who Donald Trump himself had  selected. Again and again, those courts rejected the allegations of  fraud as baseless.   Even Trump's own Attorney General, William Barr, publicly declared  that he had found no evidence of fraud that could have ``effected a  different outcome in the election.''   Faced with defeat in the courts, Mr. Trump nevertheless pressured  officials at every level of both State and Federal government,  including his own Vice President, Mike Pence, to change the election  results.   When those efforts failed, he encouraged his supporters to come to  Washington, DC, on January 6, the day when Congress would certify the  electoral college votes for Joe Biden. He claimed that the election was  stolen and tweeted ``We have just begun to fight,'' promising that on  January 6, it would be ``wild.'' On December 11, 2020, Donald Trump  released two campaign ads claiming the election was a ``fraud'' and  instructing his supporters to ``stop the steal.'' His campaign paid $50  million dollars for the ads and ran them up to and until January 5,  2021.   Those who heeded that well-funded call understood what President  Trump was asking. They didn't just come with protest signs; they came  with handcuffs and rifles, bear spray and tactical gear, Molotov  cocktails and crossbows, and walkie talkies for communication.   On January 6, at a rally just before noon, Donald Trump asked the  large crowd assembled before him to march on the Capitol. He asked them  to fight ``like hell'' because ``if you don't fight like hell, you're  not going to have a country anymore.''   Despite knowing that there had been concerns for months about  potential violence surrounding the election, Donald Trump urged those  at the rally 20 times to ``fight.'' He also called on them to ``stop  the steal,'' declaring ``you'll never take back our country with  weakness.''   Inspired by President Trump's words, his supporters began streaming  toward the Capitol, where they eventually overwhelmed its defenses and  threatened those inside. Those in danger included the Vice President,  the Speaker of the House, Members of Congress, countless staffers, and  thousands of members of law enforcement.   And when Donald Trump saw that his supporters were battling U.S.  Capitol Police officers and DC police, he said nothing to stop them for  more than 2 hours, even when he knew that Vice President Pence, one of  his most loyal political allies, was in danger. More, he tweeted  further criticism of Mr. Pence as the Vice President's Secret Service  detail was laboring to whisk Mr. Pence to safety.   Donald Trump was willing to do almost anything to convince Vice  President Pence to violate his duty to the Constitution, and so the  Vice President had a target on his back.   In other words, those who came to Washington at former President  Trump's request and attacked the seat of our democracy were trying to  do exactly what they believed Donald Trump asked them to: prevent the  certification of Joe Biden as President-elect.   That is why they frankly admitted, both during the Capitol riot and  later to law enforcement, that they were at the Capitol because ``[o]ur  president wants us here.''   In response to all these facts, Donald Trump argues that the  Constitution does not permit ex-Presidents to be tried for impeachment  and that the First Amendment protects his right to encourage an attack  on our democracy. These arguments are lawyerly fig leaves. Mr. Trump  relies on them so heavily because his own behavior is indefensible.   The vast majority of legal scholars agree that the First Amendment  does  [[Page S949]]  not apply in this instance because the incitement of an insurrection is  not protected speech under the Constitution. They also believe the  Constitution allows for the impeachment and trial of public officials  after they leave office, particularly when, as in this case, the public  official was impeached by the House of Representatives while still in  office.   Otherwise, all an office-holder would have to do to protect him or  herself from punishment would be to resign just before impeachment. The  Senate has implicitly or explicitly agreed with this view three times  in our Nation's history; first, in the very first impeachment trial  against former Senator William Blount of Tennessee, held during the  lifetime of the Founders; second, in 1876 when Secretary of War William  Belknap resigned just hours before the House voted to impeach him for  bribery and corruption; and finally, in this impeachment trial of  Donald Trump, when a bipartisan majority of the Senate agreed that this  trial could proceed in spite of the defendant's objections to its  constitutionality.   My colleagues understand that the Constitution gives Congress the  power to impeach, convict, and disqualify a former officeholder. This  is true because otherwise, the country would be vulnerable to a  President of either party who could flout any law but resign to be  insulated from consequences.   As the House managers have argued, if anything is impeachable, it is  a President inciting his followers to violence to overturn a legitimate  election.   Our Founding Fathers held democracy sacred. They feared a demagogue,  a leader who would pervert the Constitution in order to keep power, and  they sought to protect the new Republic from such a president.   Donald Trump is the person the Framers feared. He poses an  existential threat to American democracy. He has shown himself willing  to use almost every measure at his disposal to gain and retain power,  even if it means overturning a free and fair election through violence.   We can have no doubt what our Founding Fathers would have made of  him: He was exactly the kind of person they wanted to prevent from  holding and wielding power.   We have seen over the course of this election the profound risks of  trifling with our democracy and undermining the legitimacy of our  elections. We cannot let future candidates of either party believe that  in America, the way to win is to lie and cheat, to whip a crowd into a  frenzy, to turn it on public servants and law enforcement alike. We  have to reestablish in our politics our absolute commitment to the idea  that we resolve our disputes in our courts and in Congress, not by  wielding weapons against lawmakers.   Our Founding Fathers made clear in the very preamble to the  Constitution that ``We the people . . . in order to form a more perfect  union, establish justice, ensure domestic tranquility . . . do ordain  and establish this Constitution.'' America cannot be tranquil unless  its leaders forswear violence and stand up for democracy. That is why I  voted to convict Donald J. Trump of high crimes and misdemeanors  against the American people.   Unfortunately for our country, many of my colleagues did not agree. I  know this is difficult news for many American patriots, who, just as I  do, love and cherish our democratic traditions, the rule of law, and  the centuries-old tradition of the peaceful transfer of power. To that  majority of Americans, I want to say: We must not lose faith in our  system of government. We must work all the more diligently to protect  it.   Right after Supreme Court decided the Dred Scott case--the most  odious case in our long legal history--the great abolitionist and  orator Frederick Douglass gave a speech. I turn to this speech whenever  I am in need of hope.   Precisely when slavery seemed to have won a decisive victory,  Frederick Douglass, himself a former slave, said in that speech that  his ``hopes were never brighter than now.'' He believed that the world  would see what a ``scandalous tissue of lies'' the Supreme Court's  decision in Dred Scott was. And he was right. History holds that Court  case as one of the most shameful in our history, and I believe it will  likewise condemn Donald Trump's incitement of the Capitol attack. So  today I remain hopeful because the people of Nevada and all Americans  have been able to see the truth for themselves, and they understand  that Donald J. Trump must never again be trusted to protect our sacred  democracy.   