 Mr. President, more than 350,000 of our loved ones have  died from a terrible disease. Small businesses have gone under, never  to reopen. Millions have lost their jobs, and too many families don't  know how they are going to pay the rent or put groceries on the table.   It is tough out there, but Americans are fighters, and despite all  the challenges, in November they did what Americans do when they are  unhappy with their leadership--they voted for change. They turned their  backs on a sitting President who fans the flames of hatred while bodies  pile up in the morgue. Instead, they elected a new President who wants  to save lives, to save our economy, and to save our democracy.   Even as the pandemic raged, Americans showed up for democracy. States  worked overtime to set up safe systems, ballot drop boxes, early  voting, and gallons of hand sanitizer. Voters mailed their ballots  earlier, put on masks, and stood in line at the polls. The election of  2020 shattered voting records.   So here we are on the floor of the U.S. Senate in the aftermath of a  historic election held in the middle of a pandemic. People are  suffering, and we should be working to get them the help they need.  Instead, we are here because Donald Trump wants to overturn the results  of that election. The Republicans objecting to the results of this  election will be judged by history, but the rest of us will be judged  as well.   It is our responsibility to stand up for our democracy even while  other Senators work to undermine it.   Losing is hard. I ran for President myself. It was a hard-fought  primary, but Joe Biden won and I lost. I am not the only one to live  through that; a number of Senators in this room have run for President.  None of us was successful, and when we lost, we conceded and we got out  of the race because that is how democracy works. None of us lied about  the results. We didn't throw temper tantrums. We didn't tell our allies  in Congress or the States to overturn the results. We didn't feed  poisonous propaganda to our supporters. We didn't urge people to march  on State capitals or to descend on Washington. We accepted the will of  the voters.   And it is not just us; it is everyone who has run for President since  the beginning of America. Only once in America's history have the  people who lost tried to burn down our democracy on the way out. They  caused a civil war that nearly destroyed our Nation.   Make no mistake, the violence we witnessed in this Chamber today was  the direct result of the poisonous lies that Donald Trump repeated  again and again for more than 2 months. His words have consequences.  Our democracy has been grievously injured by this lying coward.   This effort to subvert our democracy is not merely one last  Presidential tantrum. This effort is designed to knock out the basic  pillar on which democracy is founded: the idea that the voters--not the  sitting President and not the Members of Congress but the voters decide  who will lead this Nation.   A democracy in which the elected leaders do not bend to the will of  the voters is no democracy. It is a totalitarian state. And those who  pursue this effort are supporting a coup.   I urge my colleagues to vote no on this effort to overthrow our  democracy.   I yield the floor.   