 In 2004, I packed up my rucksack, laced up my boots,  and deployed to Iraq, ready to sacrifice whatever was asked of me, all  because I love this Nation--willing to sacrifice my life, if needed,  because I believe in the sanctity of our electoral system, which had  declared George W. Bush my Commander in Chief.   I earned my wounds proudly fighting in a war I did not support on the  orders of a President I did not vote for because I believed in and I  still do believe in the values of our Nation; because I believe in a  government of, by, and for the people, where voters--voters--choose who  leads them, not the other way around.   I have spent my entire adult life defending our democracy, but I  never--never--thought it would be necessary to defend it from an  attempted violent overthrow in our Nation's own Capitol Building. Well,  I refuse to let anyone intent on instigating chaos or inciting violence  deter me from carrying out my constitutional duties.   You know, when my Army buddies and I raised our right hands, when  45,000 troops in Arizona raised their right hands and swore to protect  and defend the Constitution, we did not qualify our oaths by saying  that we would follow orders only when the Commander in Chief was  someone whose election we were happy with.   Just like when every Senator in this Chamber was sworn into office,  we didn't mutter under our breath that we discharge our duties only  when it served our political interests or helped us to avoid the wrath  of a petty, insecure, wannabe tin-pot dictator on the precipice of  losing power and relevance. No, there is no ambiguity here--Joe Biden  won the election with a record number of votes. Republican officials  nationwide confirmed those results, including in Arizona, as has judge  after Trump-appointed judge. Even Trump's Attorney General admitted  that the U.S. Department of Justice had not found widespread fraud that  would have affected the outcome.   Yet still many of my Republican colleagues are asking us to ignore  all of that. With no evidence of their own, they are asking us to  ignore court rulings, ignore Republican-elected officials, and even  worse, ignore the will of the people across this vast, great Nation by  trying to overturn this election. They are placing more trust in Reddit  conspiracy theories than the Constitution, proving that appeasing Trump  is more important to them than protecting the most basic tenet of our  Republic--the adherence to free and fair elections.   If there is one thing I know, it is that my troops didn't sign up to  defend our democracy in war zones thousands of mile away only to watch  it crumble in these hallowed halls here at home. Yet that is what this  effort amounts to--an attempt to subvert our democracy. In the process,  it is threatening what makes America American, because in this  country--in this country--the power of the people has always  [[Page S24]]  mattered more than the people in power.   That is the ideal that this Nation was founded upon. That is why a  few patriots threw some tea in Boston Harbor, why Washington crossed  the Delaware, why suffragists were arrested a century ago, and why my  friend John Lewis crossed that bridge in Selma in 1965. It is why  millions spent a Tuesday in November standing in line, braving a  pandemic to make their voices heard.   Listen, this administration has always had an adversarial  relationship with the truth. Trump always cries conspiracy, always  foments chaos whenever something doesn't go his way. But today, we here  in this Chamber have the opportunity to prove that here in this  country, truth matters, that right matters, that the will of the people  matters more than the whims of any single powerful individual.   I have no tea to throw in Boston Harbor tonight, and I regret that I  have no rucksack to pack for my country, no Black Hawk to pilot, nor am  I asking for any grand gesture from my Republican colleagues. All I am  asking of you is to reflect on the oaths that you have sworn, on the  damage done to our Union today, and on the sacrifices made by those who  have given so much to this Nation, from the servicemembers at Arizona's  Fort Huachuca and Marine Corps Air Station Yuma to the marchers who  bent America's moral arc a little bit more toward justice with every  single step that they took, every bridge that they crossed.   Then ask yourself whether the democracy they were willing to bleed  for, the country that each of us in this Chamber has sworn to defend,  is worth damaging in order to protect the porcelain ego of a man who  treats the Constitution as if it were little more than a yellowing  piece of paper.   I think we all know the right answer.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The majority leader.   