 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Maryland. I rise  today in gratitude because last night the Senate put us one step  forward to finally making Juneteenth a Federal holiday.   Juneteenth is our Nation's oldest celebration of emancipation, and it  should have been established as a Federal holiday long ago. So I am  glad that yesterday the Senate passed our bill, with Senator Markey and  Senator Booker, the Juneteenth National Independence Day Act, by  unanimous consent.   The end of slavery in this country is a central milestone in our  history, and Juneteenth should be commemorated nationwide as a day of  celebration and reflection and rededication to the cause of racial  justice in this country.   I am forever grateful to the generations of activists who made this  possible, and, in particular, I want to thank Ms. Opal Lee, who at 89  years old walked halfway across this country to rise in support of  Juneteenth as a Federal holiday.   Yesterday, I had the opportunity to call Ms. Lee, now in her  nineties, after this bill cleared the Senate, and I wish you could have  heard the sound of joy in her voice when I told her the good news. This  is a memory that I know I am going to treasure for the rest of my life.   So to Ms. Lee, if you are listening here today, I want to tell you  that I have been honored to support your moral cause here in the  Senate, and I hope to celebrate Juneteenth as an official Federal  holiday with you soon.   I also want to thank my colleagues, especially Senator Markey and  Senators Booker and Warnock, for their  [[Page S4563]]  leadership on these efforts, as well as Senator Cornyn and  Representative Sheila Jackson Lee, for their work to get this over the  finish line. When it passed last night, we had over 60 bipartisan  cosponsors, and I am grateful to all of them and all of you for your  support.   So commemorating Juneteenth as a Federal holiday is an encouraging  and meaningful step, but we have so much farther to go on the path  toward justice. Let's use this victory to build momentum for the  systemic change that we need--protecting voting rights and safeguarding  our democracy, passing meaningful policing and criminal justice reform,  pursuing economic and environmental justice, and working toward a more  just and equitable world.   There will be plenty of times when this path seems impossibly long  because the scale of the injustice is overwhelming. But when this  happens, I will be thinking of Ms. Opal Lee, of her long walk to  Washington, DC, and the joy in her voice when she heard the news that  the Senate had taken one more step toward her dream of Juneteenth. May  we all draw inspiration and strength from her example.   I am proud to walk this path with you, Ms. Lee, and with all of you.  Let's keep this going.   I yield the floor.   