 Mr. President, I stand before you and my colleagues today  to speak in support of the nomination of Alejandro Mayorkas to serve as  Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security.   There is no question that Ali Mayorkas is qualified for this  position. He previously served as the Director of U.S. Customs and  Immigration Services, then as Deputy Secretary at DHS.   Today, I want to tell you about Ali Mayorkas's story. I want to tell  you why he is the right pick for this position. And I want to tell you  why we can achieve what we need to with Mr. Mayorkas leading the  Department of Homeland Security.   During his hearing before the Senate Homeland Security and  Governmental Affairs Committee, my fellow committee members and I had a  chance to hear from Mr. Mayorkas and hear his family history.   He told us the harrowing story of his family fleeing persecution,  traveling to a new country in search of freedom, acceptance, and a safe  place to call home.   During the Holocaust, Mr. Mayorkas's mother lost her paternal  grandparents and seven of her uncles simply for being Jewish--simply  because of the faith they practiced. His mother and his maternal  grandparents fled, but they fled in order to survive.   But the story of Mr. Mayorkas's family was far from over. His parents  fled Cuba during Castro's revolution, bringing Mr. Mayorkas and his  sister here to the United States in 1960. They came here as refugees  searching for freedom, searching for acceptance, searching for safety.   Ali Mayorkas is an American success story. He came here as a child.  His family made a life here. He pursued an education. He dedicated his  life to public service. He worked hard to give back to the Nation that  gave his family so much.   And now, Mr. Mayorkas has volunteered to serve his country once  again.  [[Page S192]]  In this new role, he will work to keep our Nation safe and secure while  ensuring that we treat all human beings with dignity and respect.   Under the last Presidential administration, we saw unimaginable  cruelty--family members separated from each other, children taken from  their mothers' arms. We saw a total disregard of the struggles of  refugees facing persecution in their home countries and making the  heartbreaking choice to leave and make the dangerous journey to the  United States.   I know that under the leadership of Secretary Mayorkas, our  Department of Homeland Security will strive to uphold the values of our  Nation. He will also bring much needed stability to the Department. He  will work to reverse the cruel and heartless policies of the previous  administration. He will work to protect Dreamers and TPS holders. He  will work on smart solutions to secure our border. And he will work  with Congress to finally pass comprehensive immigration reform. That is  not all he will do at the DHS.    Under Mr. Mayorkas's leadership, he will work to ensure the safety  and security of our homeland--the homeland he was brought to as a  child, the homeland that he and his family have made their own. I spoke  of the persecution that Ali Mayorkas's family faced during the  Holocaust--a threat of anti-Semitism and White supremacy. Well, it  still persists today, and it is growing right here in the United States  and everywhere across the globe.   Last year, a DHS assessment concluded that ``racially and ethnically  motivated violent extremists--specifically white supremacist  extremists--will remain the most persistent and lethal threat in the  Homeland.''   We have seen that violent extremism in action. We saw it on January 6  in this very city against this legislative body and in this very  Chamber. When I asked Ali Mayorkas about this issue during our  committee hearing, he made clear that he understands the threat that  White supremacy, anti-Semitism, and extremism pose to the health of our  Nation and to the health of our democracy.   If we are going to fight hatred and violent extremism, we need  someone leading the charge who understands and takes seriously the  threat to all Americans--the threats to our children, to our schools,  to our workplaces, and to our places of worship. He is committed to  addressing online radicalization and strengthening the Nonprofit  Security Grant Program to ensure that houses of worship and other  nonprofit organizations are kept safe from potential terror attacks.   So whether it is combating extremism, foreign or domestic terrorism,  cyber attacks, or adversaries from abroad, Mr. Mayorkas expressed a  clear commitment to keeping our Nation safe and is fully prepared and  qualified to serve as the head of DHS.   Ali Mayorkas is the right pick to lead this Department, and I urge  swift confirmation so that he can get to work immediately for us and  our country. I will vote for Ali Mayorkas, and I urge my colleagues to  do the same.   I yield the floor.   