 Madam President, I rise today to speak in support of  Robert Bonnie's confirmation as Under Secretary of Farm Production and  Conservation at the U.S. Department of Agriculture.   If confirmed, Mr. Bonnie will oversee three Agencies at the USDA that  are absolutely critical to the well-being of our Nation's farmers and  ranchers and to our shared goal of addressing the climate crisis.   Taken together, the Farm Service Agency, the National Resources  Conservation Service, and Risk Management Agency provide the first line  of defense for our farmers and ranchers against droughts and floods and  wildfires and other extreme weather.   These Agencies will also lead our efforts to provide voluntary  solutions to help our farmers and ranchers lead the way in addressing  the climate crisis.   In my home State of Michigan and across the Nation, producers are  facing unseasonable freezes and thaws and dramatically unpredictable  conditions that disrupt the planning and harvesting schedules they rely  on for their livelihoods and for our food supply. As the climate crisis  affects the way the agriculture sector operates, the work of the USDA  and its staff to provide resources and knowledge for our farmers and  ranchers is absolutely critical.   Without crop insurance, without disaster assistance, without our  conservation programs, our farmers and ranchers will be left even more  vulnerable. That is why we need competent, experienced leaders who are  ready to lead these Agencies from day one.   Leading this mission area is a big responsibility but one that I know  Mr. Bonnie is well-qualified to tackle. Throughout his career, Mr.  Bonnie has built strong partnerships with farmers, with ranchers, with  foresters, with communities.   This is also his second time leading a mission area at USDA as he was  confirmed by voice vote as Under Secretary for Natural Resources and  Environment in the Obama administration. There, he oversaw key public- private partnerships with foresters and private land owners, while  leading the U.S. Forest Service and the Natural Resources Conservation  Service.   While working at the Nicholas Institute for Environmental Policy  Solutions at Duke University, Mr. Bonnie worked closely with rural  communities to tackle pressing conservation issues.   And at the Environmental Defense Fund, Mr. Bonnie focused on  incentive-based approaches to promote stewardship on private lands.   At his hearing in the Senate Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry  Committee, Democratic and Republican members alike praised Mr. Bonnie's  extensive credentials and his commitment to tackling the climate crisis  and boosting farm income at the same time.   That approach has earned him the support of many, many of the  Nation's most respected farm and food organizations, including the  American Farm Bureau and the National Farmers Union.   I am pleased to add my support to his nomination and urge my  colleagues to vote yes on this extremely well-qualified nomination.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum unless we--are we at a point to  move forward on the vote?  [[Page S8224]]    I yield back all time and ask that we proceed to the vote.    I withdraw my motion.   