 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Meeks, Speaker Pelosi, and  Chairman McGovern for bringing this important legislation to the floor  and shining a light on the atrocities taking place in Xinjiang.   I represent the largest Uyghur diaspora in the U.S. and this  legislation is critically important to the Uyghur community.   I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this legislation that will  prohibit the importation of goods from Xinjiang unless it can be proven  by clear and convincing evidence that they were not made with forced  labor.   Despite international condemnation, the Chinese Government's brutal  campaign of repressive surveillance, mass detention, forced labor, and  even genocide, is rapidly expanding, and we must take steps to ensure  that U.S. companies and consumers are not complicit in the abuses.   This legislation will hold the PRC accountable for these heinous acts  and will make it clear that the U.S. will not turn a blind eye to the  plight of the Uyghurs. I urge my colleagues to support this  legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Meeks for bringing this  bill to the floor and to Speaker Pelosi for her steadfast commitment to  holding the PRC accountable for its human rights abuses. Thank you also  to my colead on the resolution, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Waltz).  It has been a pleasure to work with him in such a bipartisan way.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my resolution calling on the  People's Republic of China to immediately guarantee the safety and  freedom of Peng Shuai and condemning the International Olympic  Committee for its shameful handling of the situation and failure to  uphold its own human rights standards.   Over 1 month has passed since tennis superstar and three-time  Olympian Peng Shuai was censored and disappeared after alleging her  rape by a senior member of China's Communist Party.   Within minutes of posting the allegations on Chinese social media  site Weibo, the post disappeared, and shortly thereafter all mentions  of Peng on social media did, too.   Since then, Peng has not been seen or heard from in public and has  only been seen in videos released by the Chinese state media, raising  serious questions about her safety and freedom and leaving the world to  ask: Where is Peng Shuai?   Her case has drawn support from all over the world, including from  tennis stars Naomi Osaka, Serena Williams, and Novak Djokovic. The  hashtag ``Where is Peng Shuai'' has trended globally on Twitter.   Women's Tennis Association CEO Steve Simon called for a full and  transparent investigation into Peng's allegations and eventually  suspended all WTA tournaments in China, citing concerns about the risks  players could face at the hands of the PRC.   The WTA's actions and Peng's bravery in coming forward stand in stark  contrast to the IOC, which is undermining efforts to secure Peng's  safety by working hand-in-hand with Beijing to cover up her allegations  and disappearance.   Instead of prioritizing the safety of an Olympian who may be in  danger, the IOC is once again putting its bottom line over athletes'  safety and allowing itself to be used as a tool by the world's worst  human rights abuser.   In a matter of weeks, our athletes will be in Beijing for the opening  ceremonies of the 2022 Winter Games, and the IOC's complicity in this  coverup raises serious questions about the organization's ability or  even their willingness to protect our athletes.   Today, we are calling on the PRC to provide independent and  verifiable proof of Peng's whereabouts and that she is safe and to  allow Peng to communicate directly with the WTA and the United Nations.   The IOC must call on the PRC to undertake these actions immediately,  stop legitimizing Beijing's coverup, and uphold its own human rights  commitments to protect the safety and speech of Olympic athletes. The  world is watching.   