 Madam Speaker, the Inspector General Independence and  Empowerment Act protects our Nation's government watchdogs.   Inspectors general are independent officials responsible for  preventing and detecting waste, fraud, and abuse. They safeguard the  interests of taxpayers and weed out corruption. We need stronger  protections to prevent biased or unqualified acting inspectors general  from assuming these vital roles.  [[Page H3282]]    I championed such measures in my Accountability for Acting Officials  Act, and I am proud to say they are included in the chairwoman's bill.  These provisions would forbid dual-hatting, serving as both a political  appointee and an acting inspector general at the same agency. This  conflict of interest compromises the independence of the inspector  general's work.   American taxpayers fund these agencies. They deserve to know that  those agencies are working on their behalf. They deserve inspectors  general who will fight to protect their dollars and our government's  integrity.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the  Inspector General Independence and Empowerment Act.   I thank Chair Maloney for her leadership on government integrity,  including this important bill.    Madam Speaker, I am here today to champion tax fairness  for every American across the country, across parties, and across the  aisle. We are here tonight to talk about what does it mean to have a  fair tax system.   Since coming to Congress, I have repeatedly heard from my  constituents about how the Trump tax bill doubled the taxes they owe  due to an arbitrary cap on allowable State and local tax deductions,  often called SALT.   In the last year before this arbitrary $10,000 cap was imposed,  nearly two in five taxpayers in my district claimed the SALT deduction,  and their average deduction was $22,000 per household. They were paying  an average of $22,000 in State and local taxes.   Capping the SALT deduction created double taxation on those families,  and it penalized millions of middle-class families--Republicans,  Democrats, and Independents alike--based solely on the State where they  live.   It is an unfair Federal tax system to penalize people based solely on  their State of residence, yet that is what this arbitrary SALT tax cap  does.   Given the rising cost of housing, prescription drugs, college, and  childcare, every dollar counts for American families and families in  Orange County. This is especially true after a year of financial  hardship during which millions of families across the country are  struggling to stay afloat.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues across the country and across the  aisle to restore the State and local tax deduction to create a fairer  tax system for every American.    The basic principle of an income tax is that you are  taxed on the money that you have available to purchase things, to  purchase goods and services, to invest, to save. You are taxed on that.  That is what a progressive system of taxation means.   When you are having taxes taken out of your paycheck, or you owe  taxes to your State and local government, you do not have that income  left over.   So let's use an example. If someone earns $100,000 and they pay, as  is typical in my district, $20,000 in State and local tax, that is not  optional. They must pay that $20,000 under the law. What they have left  to provide for their family, to save for college, to pay for housing,  to do other things, is $80,000. That is the amount of income that the  Federal Government should tax.   What the SALT cap does is say to the family earning $100,000: You can  only deduct $10,000, a completely arbitrary number.   What that does is say to a family that only has $80,000 left because  they had to pay the county, they had to pay the city, they had to pay  for fire services and school services. And they pay that money because  they are proud of their community and they want our communities to  thrive. But then they are taxed as if they have $90,000 available to  them, but they don't. They only have $80,000.   So this whole idea of capping the State and local tax deduction is  completely contrary to the entire basic theory of an income tax, which  is you pay tax on your available income. If you owe money to the State  and county government, whether it is for property tax or State or city  taxes, you do not have that money left.   In effect, these families are being asked to pay money and find money  they do not have relative to their peers in other parts of the country.  That is simply an unfair tax system.    That is right. So the State and local tax deduction is  really about saying that two families in two different States, trying  to support themselves on the identical amount of income, ought to owe  the same amount of Federal tax. That is what we are here to champion  today.   I am proud to be doing it with colleagues from across the country and  across the aisle.    That is right. Because cities and counties depend on the  resources from State and local taxes to be able to pay for schools, to  do a good job educating every single child, to make investments in  roads and bridges, to pay first responders fair wages for putting their  lives on the line to protect us.   These are the kinds of policies that progressives champion, and we  cannot ask our cities and our States and, most importantly, our fellow  Americans to make those kinds of investments on the city, county,  village, and local level, and then have the Federal Government treat  them unfairly solely because they are trying to do right by each other  in their community.   