 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 391,  the ``Global Health Security Act,'' important legislation that  reaffirms and strengthens the United States' strategic approach to  global health security.   This bill directs the President to create the Global Health Security  Agenda Interagency Review Council to be overseen by the National  Security Advisor, elevating United States' global health security to a  national security interest.   It also establishes the permanent position of the United States  Coordinator for Global Health Security who will be responsible for the  interagency process for responding to global health security  emergencies.   Additionally, H.R. 391 creates a multilateral Fund for Global Health  Security and Pandemic Preparedness to support the Global Health  Security Agenda and the 70 percent of the world's countries that are  unprepared and unable to respond to dangerous public health threats.   Protecting our local and global community from global health threats  is imperative as the United States has already exceeded 33 million  cases of COVID-19 and over 600,000 deaths.   Almost 3 million of those cases were in Texas and Harris county has  the largest number with around 403,000 cases to date.   My district in Houston has suffered the loss of almost 3,000 of its  citizens to the pandemic of the over 6,500 fatalities in Harris county  alone.   The United States plays a vital leadership role in the international  health security domain and the COVID-19 pandemic epitomizes the urgency  of global health security.   The Ebola and Zika epidemics in 2013 and 2015 respectively exposed  vulnerabilities in the United States' global health strategy,  highlighting the need for a designated official to coordinate  interagency response to global health security emergencies.   Alongside almost 30 other nations, the United States started the  Global Health Security Agenda to address significant global health  emergencies and threats.   As such, it is incumbent upon Congress to codify the United States'  commitment to addressing global infectious disease threats by requiring  the development of a sustainable and comprehensive U.S. global health  strategy strengthened by measurable goals and performance metrics.   I proudly support H.R. 391 and the advancement of global health  security so we can protect our communities, including my constituents  in Houston.   I thank my colleague, Congressman Connolly of Virginia, for  championing this bill and persisting in his effort to strengthen the  United States global health policy.   I urge all Members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 391, the Global  Health Security Act of 2021.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to voice my support for H.R.  2471, the ``Haiti Development, Accountability, and Institutional  Transparency Initiative Act,'' which modernizes the U.S. foreign  assistance strategy to Haiti, and affirms our role as a champion of  democracy and good neighbor in the Western Hemisphere.   This legislation, introduced by my colleague, the gentleman from New  York, Congressman Hakeem Jeffries, would promote transparency within  Haitian humanitarian assistance programs, and place democratic values  such as good governance, freedom of the press, and human rights at the  forefront of our bilateral relationship with Haiti.   Since the catastrophic earthquake on January 12, 2010, which left  220,000 people dead, 300,000 injured, and 115,000 homes destroyed, the  United States--in partnership with the international community--mounted  an unprecedented humanitarian response.   The United States Government has disbursed more than $4,000,000,000  in recovery and development funding since the disaster struck in 2010.   In 2016, Hurricane Matthew caused widespread damage and flooding,  leaving 1.4 million people in need of immediate assistance.   Prior to these catastrophes, Haiti registered among the lowest in  socioeconomic indicators and had the second highest rate of income  disparity in the world.   Concurrently, democratic backsliding in Haiti undercuts the shared  commitment to democracy in our bilateral relationship and stymies our  effort to ensure that humanitarian aid is reaching and improving the  welfare of the Haitian people.   The United Nations Human Rights Office of the High Commissioner and  the Human Rights Service jointly found a 333 percent increase in human  rights violations and abuses from July 2018 through December 2019.   On top of that, parliamentary elections scheduled for October 2019  never took place, and since January 2020, President Jovenel Moise has  ruled by decree.   As an original co-sponsor of H.R. 3059, the ``Assessing Progress in  Haiti, Act of 2013,'' I maintain an unshaking belief in the Haitian  people's resilience, entrepreneurial spirit, and desire for a free and  fair political system.   That is why I also staunchly opposed the former president's attempt  to terminate Temporary Protected Status (TPS) for Haitians living in  the United States.   In tandem with the U.S. Government, Haiti relies on remittances that  its citizens receive from TPS beneficiaries in the United States.   The Haitian community in Texas exemplifies this reality.   As such, I am pleased that Secretary Mayorkas announced a new 18- month designation of Haiti for Temporary Protected Status.   Following Hurricane Matthew, I called upon Houstonians to do their  part in alleviating the suffering of our neighbors in Haiti.   In partnership with local organizations, churches, and the diaspora  community, we collected and donated clothing, pillows, nonperishable  foods, and other items to help the Haitian people.  [[Page H3183]]    Now, I call upon this Congress to answer the call of help--to act in  accordance with our long-standing record of supporting the Haitian  people in recovering and building a future worthy of their aspirations.   The ``Haiti Development, Accountability, and Institutional  Transparency Initiative Act'' is our response to this call for help.   H.R. 2471--a bicameral and bipartisan effort--urgently upgrades our  U.S. foreign assistance strategy and strengthens human rights, promotes  freedom of the press, and supports disaster resilience and  reconstruction efforts in Haiti.   I commend my colleagues, particularly the gentleman from New York,  Congressman Hakeem Jeffries, for shining a light on this issue, and  remaining firm in our commitment to the Haitian people.   Let us, with one voice, irrespective of party, come together and  affirm our role as a bulwark of democracy in the world and good  neighbor in the hemisphere.   I urge all Members to join me in voting for this long overdue but  enormously beneficial legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res.  402, ``Urging the administration to facilitate assistance in response  to the devastating impacts of COVID-19 in India,'' which advocates for  direct aid to India as it continues to battle the devastating effects  of COVID-19.   I thank my colleague, Congressman Sherman of California, for  authoring this important legislation that will save the lives of many  in India.   Testing results reveal that India is experiencing more than 340,000  new daily infections and more than 4,000 deaths a day, and many public  health experts believe case rates are likely higher.   India has the biggest global vaccine manufacturing capacity and was a  major exporter of the vaccine.   More than 70 low-income nations received vaccines made in India, with  a total of more than 60 million doses leaving India.   Prior to its surge in COVID-19 cases, it exported tens of millions of  doses before its own demand skyrocketed and led to a shortage in some  states.   Given India's critical role in global vaccine supply chains, an  increase in vaccine demand due to the surge of COVID-19 cases within  India is of a global concern.   With more than 600 thousand deaths from COVID-19, we in the United  States are no strangers to the devastating consequences of the  pandemic.   Since the onset of the pandemic, Texas has seen a devastating 52,458  deaths due to COVID-19, 6,575 of those deaths occurred in Harris  Country, portions of which are in my congressional district.   India responded to the spike in COVID-19 cases here in the United  States by lifting its export ban on certain therapeutics.   With the help of widespread vaccination, the United States was then  able to reduce the number of COVID-19 deaths to 4 percent of our peak  today.   The Indian people, who have been instrumental in vaccine production  worldwide, deserve the same relief.   In New Delhi alone, one individual dies of COVID-19 every 4 minutes.   Since COVID-19 vaccine distribution began in the United States on  December 14, 2020, more than 323 million doses have been administered,  fully vaccinating over 153 million people, that's 46.1 percent of the  total U.S. population.   Now that the United States vaccine supply is secured, I encourage our  government to show its support for India by passing this resolution.   This resolution calls on the Indian American community to continue  their efforts to help quell the spread of the virus in India, they need  the support of the United States government.   Texas is home to the second-largest Indian American community in the  United States.   At least 82,575 of these individuals live in my district, located in  the West of Houston.   Thus, it is in the interest of Harris County, of Texas, interest, and  of the United States more broadly to aid India in stemming the spread  of this virus.   I worked hard to halt the spread of COVID-19 in my own district,  partnering with Houston hospitals, local public health agencies, local  businesses, and international corporations to stop the spread of the  virus in local communities.   But the pandemic will not end anywhere until it has ended everywhere,  and as a global travel hub, the United States is particularly  vulnerable to the continued spread.   As I work on legislation to aid and support communities in dire need  across the globe, I support passage of this resolution today and ask  that my colleagues do the same.    -Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in proud support of  H.R. 2225, the ``National Science foundation for the Future Act,''  which authorizes appropriations for the National Science Foundation for  the next five fiscal years.   As a former member of the House Science committee, I believe science  and engineering academic research is an essential investment due to the  ongoing cybersecurity, national security, and public wellbeing threats  attacking the Nation.   The National Science Foundation (NSF) supports basic research that is  a primary driver of the U.S. economy, enhances the nation's security,  and advances knowledge to sustain global leadership.   Specifically, the NSF is the only federal agency whose mission  includes support for fundamental science and engineering fields.   NSF funds research and education in most fields of science and  engineering, providing grants and cooperative agreements to more than  2,000 colleges, universities, K-12 school  [[Page H3206]]  systems, businesses, informal science organizations, and other research  organizations throughout the U.S.   Pursuant to the National Science Foundation for the Future Act, NSF  will contract with the National Academies of Science, Engineering, and  Medicine to assess the status and opportunities for Pre-K through 12  science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including computer  science, (STEM) education research.   The NSF contributions have specifically benefitted Texas institutions  by previously investing $46,828,000 to STEM education and $356,731,000  in fundamental research.   The National Science Foundation for the Future Act will continue to  impact Texas STEM education.   For example, money distributed through the National Science  Foundation go to University of Houston STEM student researching at The  University of Houston Division of Research Department.   In the past, the NSF funding helped researchers at Rice University  develop a nanotechnology-based ``trap-and-zap'' approach to absorbing  and deactivating antibiotic-resistant genes.   More importantly the money from the NSF is contributed to the Science  and Technology Enhancement Program (STEP) at Texas Southern University  to help increase the number of African-American and female graduates in  all STEM fields.   H.R. 2225 carries out a national initiative to facilitate the  development of networks and partnerships to broaden participation in  STEM studies and careers of historically underrepresented groups like  students at Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs).   The funds allocated to STEM programs like Texas Southern University  contribute to President Biden's plan to help build up and financially  support Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs).   Research has found that HBCUs are vital to helping underrepresented  students move to the top of the income ladder.   HBCUs are only three percent of four-year universities, and their  graduates make up approximately 80 percent of Black judges, half of  Black lawyers and doctors, and 25 percent of Black undergraduates  earning STEM degrees.   President Biden wants us to invest in HBCU's by creating or expanding  educational programs in high-demand fields (e.g., STEM, computer  sciences, nursing, and allied health), with an additional $2 billion  directed towards building a pipeline of skilled health care workers  with graduate degrees.   Through the American Jobs Plan, President Biden wants to eliminate  racial and gender inequities in research and development and science,  technology, engineering, and math.   President Biden wants to invest $40 billion in upgrading research  infrastructure in laboratories across the country, including brick-and- mortar facilities and computing capabilities and networks. These funds  would be allocated across the federal R&D agencies, including at the  Department of Energy.   Half of those funds will be reserved for Historically Black Colleges  and Universities (HBCUs) and other Minority Serving Institutions,  including the creation of a new national lab focused on climate that  will be affiliated with an HBCU.   H.R. 2225 awards the NSF billions of dollars in the next five years  to address significant societal challenges and sustain United States  leadership in innovation by increasing investments in research,  specifically for underrepresented populations, like HBCU students, in  STEM.   I urge all Members to join me in voting for H.R. 2225, the ''National  Science foundation for the Future Act,'' to ensure that we fund our  STEM programs to prepare us for the future better.   