 I rise today to encourage all of my colleagues to  support the motion to proceed that is in front of us.   We might disagree about the underlying bill. In fact, we do disagree.  Republicans and Democrats disagree about the underlying bill, but that  fact shouldn't prevent us from even having a discussion about the bill  and about the issue. It is what we were sent here to do, to talk about  the important issues that face the American people.   I can't think of anything more important, anything more fundamental  to our democracy than the freedom to vote. That is what we are talking  about, the freedom to vote. We are sent here to make our best  arguments, to try to persuade Members who don't see the issue in the  same way that we do, and in the end, to vote on important legislation  like the bill that is in front of us to protect our freedom to vote as  Americans.   I want to thank Senator Manchin for being willing to engage in this  process in good faith and for his hard work on the issue. I have to  wonder why my Republican colleagues won't do the same. What are they so  afraid of? It is hard to believe that they are afraid of even having  the debate--even having the debate. Are they afraid that if the  American people hear both sides, the American people will figure out  what they are trying to do? After all, the aim of the For the People  Act is simply to protect Americans' freedom to vote and ensure their  voices are heard.   Sadly, these rights are under attack all across the country,  including Michigan. State lawmakers have introduced at least 389 bills  to make it harder to vote in 48 States. In 2021, at least 14 States  have enacted 22 new laws to take away people's freedom to vote. It is  clear this is part of a coordinated, nationwide assault on a  fundamental right that my friend, the late Congressman John Lewis,  called ``precious, almost sacred.''   Right now in Michigan, Republicans in the legislature are trying to  push through a package of bills that will make it much harder for  people to vote.   Some analysts have even described the bills as being worse than the  ones in Georgia, except we aren't watching them try to criminalize  water.   Why are they doing this in Michigan? Well, let me go back again.  Michigan is traditionally a tickets-winning State, what you would call  a purple State. In 2010, Michigan elected a Republican Governor. Two  years later, Michigan helped give President Barack Obama a second term.  Two years later, we reelected the Republican Governor, and 2 years  later, Michigan supported Donald Trump by the narrowest margin of any  State, just over 10,000 votes.   After that election, Democrats did not start a massive effort to take  away people's freedom to vote. We got to work. We organized. We  listened to people about their concerns, and we worked hard to gain  people's support for the next election. That is what you usually do,  rather than trying to stop people from voting.   We did that hard work in Michigan, and you know what, we won the next  election. In 2020, in the middle of a pandemic, more people in Michigan  voted than ever before, 5.5 million of us. And Michigan voters clearly  and resoundingly chose Joe Biden to be our next President and Kamala  Harris to be our next Vice President of the United States and the  President of the Senate. They won by more than 150,000 votes. That is  14 times Donald Trump's margin in 2016.   But what did the Trump campaign do? Well, their campaign--his allies  filed eight lawsuits in our State, lost every one. And in the only case  that was appealed to the Michigan Supreme Court, the court declined to  hear the case, despite having a majority of Republican justices.  Republicans know that Michigan's election was fair, the results were  accurate, and Joe Biden and Kamala Harris won our State.   The people of Michigan voted. Michigan counties verified it. Our  State certified it. There was no evidence of fraud that would begin to  suggest that we need legislation like what Michigan Republicans are  pushing. The Republicans just didn't like who Michiganders voted for.  That is the same thing that is happening here. Republican colleagues  don't like being in the minority. They don't like who people voted for.  Well, you have a choice. You could work hard, try to gain people's  trust, try to do things for people, win the next election, or you can  try to take away their freedom to vote.   I mean, think about it. Think about the fact, in Michigan,  Republicans didn't like who we voted for, so they are coming after the  voters. They are coming after the voters. We know this is happening all  across the country. It is wrong. It is un-American, frankly. And that  is why we need this legislation, to protect our freedom to vote and to  stop billionaires from buying elections.   We are committed to making sure people have their freedoms protected,  and we are committed to making sure that billionaires are not buying  our elections as well. We want to end the partisan gerrymandering that  makes people's votes count--some count more than others--or rig the  system. And we are committed to making sure that the wealthiest people  in the country are not buying elections.   Why is this important? We have seen how so-called dark money groups  that don't have to report anything, funded by a handful of billionaire  donors, pour unlimited amounts of money into our elections in an  attempt to influence the outcome. It is easy to understand why the  average voter might feel their voice isn't being heard.   The For the People Act takes the crucial steps to give voters their  voices back. It includes disclosure requirements so that citizens have  a right to know who is giving them money, who is behind those dark  money donations. It reforms the Federal Election Commission so they can  better enforce the election laws already on the books, and it takes  steps to protect our elections from foreign influence.   I, for one, think these are essential to our democracy. I know my  Senate Democratic colleagues feel the same. However, Senate Republican  colleagues disagree.   So let's pass this motion to proceed so we can talk about it, so we  can have a debate about it. Michigan voters made their voices heard.  The American people made their voices heard in the election. We need to  be debating this issue and making sure that our voices are being heard  across the country.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   