 Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 132 and ask that  it be reported by number.    Mr. President, this amendment reflects the intent of S.  80, Sarah's Law, which would amend the mandatory detention provisions  of the INA to require the detention of anyone unlawfully present in the  United States who is charged with a crime resulting in the death or  serious bodily injury of another person.   It honors the life of a girl from Iowa, Sarah Root. Her life was  tragically cut short by a drunk driver who was illegally here in the  United States. Sarah's Law currently has 21 cosponsors.   One of the first things the Biden administration did was stop  prioritizing violent aliens for deportation. This amendment reflects  that DHS should not implement such policies.   I thank Senators Tillis, Moran, Grassley, Sasse, Inhofe, Hyde-Smith,  Lee, Rick Scott, and Hoeven for joining me in this effort, and I urge  my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment.    Mr. President, pursuant to section 904 of the  Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver provisions of  applicable budget resolutions, I move to waive all applicable sections  of that act and applicable budget resolutions for purposes of Senate  amendment No. 132, and I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 767 and ask that  it be reported by number.    Mr. President, a $15 Federal minimum wage would be  devastating for our hardest hit small businesses at a time when they  can least afford it. These small businesses, like restaurants and  childcare centers, provide vital services for working families and are  the lifeblood of our rural communities.   The CBO estimates that raising the Federal minimum wage to $15 would  result in 1.3 million jobs lost--this during the worst period of job  loss since the Great Depression.   The cost of living in States like Iowa is very different than the  cost of living in States like New York or California. We should not  have a one-size-fits-all policy set by Washington politicians. We all  support higher wages, but a $15 Federal minimum wage would be  counterproductive to this goal.   I thank my colleague Senator Tim Scott for working on this with me,  and I urge my colleagues to vote yes.    Mr. President, do I have time remaining?    We withdraw the request for the yeas and nays.   