 Mr. Speaker, this is not the reason I wanted to give my  first speech in our Chamber, in our hallowed Halls. This is not what I  wanted to do in my first week in office. But after the violent events  of last week, watching and witnessing how heartbreaking this was, thank  God I sent my kids home on Monday morning because I was worried about  the rhetoric leading up to the events and to the rally on January 6,  the violence that could transpire.   Not only were our lives in danger but if my kids were here, their  lives would have been in danger, too, the two most precious people in  my life.   Mr. Speaker, the U.S. House of Representatives has every right to  impeach the President of the United States. What we are doing today,  rushing this impeachment in an hour- or 2-hour-long debate on the floor  in this Chamber, bypassing Judiciary, poses great questions about the  constitutionality of this process.   I believe we need to hold the President accountable. I hold him  accountable for the events that transpired, for the attack on our  Capitol last Wednesday. I also believe we need to hold accountable  every single person, even Members of Congress, if they contributed to  the violence that transpired here.   But, today, I am asking my colleagues to remember the words of the  legendary, great leader in this country, Dr. Martin Luther King, who  once said the time is always right to do what is right.   If we are serious about healing the division in this country,  Republicans and Democrats need to acknowledge this is not the first day  of violence we have seen. We have seen violence across our country for  the last 9 months. We need to recognize, number one, that our words  have consequences, that there is violence on both sides of the aisle.  We have contributed to it. We need to take responsibility for our words  and our actions. We need to acknowledge there is a problem, take  responsibility for it, and stop being part of the problem and start  being part of the solution.   God bless every Member in the Chamber today, and God bless the United  States of America.  [[Page H158]]        