 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, the  distinguished chair of the Appropriations Committee, Congresswoman  DeLauro from Connecticut. Thank you for bringing this important  legislation to the floor in such a substantial way for our country in  such need.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this continuing resolution, an  essential step to keep government open. But it is not about government;  it is about the people, meeting their needs. Congress can  [[Page H4591]]  continue our work for the people, whether we are talking about Social  Security recipients, veterans, millions who have a need and would  benefit from what we are doing, and address the health crisis in our  country, and the rest, this legislation goes a long way to doing that.   In fact, it is essential that we keep government open. A government  shutdown would be a very bad thing for our country, for our economic  growth, and for meeting the needs of the American people, as I  suggested.   This legislation secures government funding through December of this  year, providing an appropriate amount of time for us to work in a  bipartisan way, Democrats and Republicans, House and Senate, to address  appropriations priorities in the regular order process for fiscal year  2022 while funding government and meeting the needs of people and  avoiding a government shutdown, which would be catastrophic for  families and the economy, and recover from the COVID pandemic and the  economic crisis.   This legislation also meets other important priorities, helping  American families devastated by recent natural disasters. Earlier this  evening, we had a moment of silence for all those who lost their lives  and for their families--it is very sad--in Hurricane Ida, throughout  the country.   Then, helping resettle Afghan evacuees fleeing danger, my colleague,  Congresswoman Barbara Lee, has spoken about the need to do that and how  important that is. We have a commitment in this House on both sides of  the aisle, and the women on both sides of the Capitol, to help the  Afghan women in any way that we can.   Another item previously prioritized in the continuing resolution is  the funding for the Iron Dome. I thank the chairwoman for her  leadership in bringing this legislation to the floor this week to  further express the will of Congress for the security of Israel  manifested in funding for the Iron Dome. I thank her so much for that.   Mr. Speaker, crucially, this funding will also include the suspension  of the debt limit through December 2022. Addressing the debt limit is  about protecting the full faith and credit of the United States, which  the Founders wrote into the Constitution in the 14th Amendment. Section  4 states: ``The validity of the public debt of the United States,  authorized by law . . . shall not be questioned.''   This is not about future spending. Some would like to give the  impression we are just doing this. No, this is about paying bills  already incurred, including to Social Security recipients, veterans,  and millions who have benefited from the bipartisan COVID relief  legislation passed last December.   As I said before, Congress is ironclad in its commitment to never  letting the full faith and credit of the United States come under  threat, a commitment that has long been bipartisan.   Indeed, our approach in the CR to the debt limit is modeled after  legislation proposed by GOP Senators in recent years. Since 2011, each  of the seven times that the debt limit has been needed to be addressed,  Congress has done so on a bipartisan basis, including three times  during the Trump administration when the debt, during the Trump  administration, rose by $7.8 trillion. Again, much of that was incurred  in terms of honoring our commitment on COVID, but a very big chunk of  it in a tax scam that gave 83 percent of the benefit to the top 1  percent.    It should be noted that just 3 percent of the current debt has been  accumulated under the Biden administration.   Threatening to force the United States into default would be reckless  and dangerous beyond measure. The last time Republicans tried this, a  number of years ago, even the thought of not honoring the full faith  and credit lowered our credit rating.   The failure to address the debt limit, as Secretary of the Treasury  Janet Yellen recently stated, would ``have absolutely catastrophic  economic consequences. It would be utterly unprecedented'' and ``would  precipitate a financial crisis. It would threaten the jobs and savings  of Americans, and at a time when we are still recovering from the COVID  epidemic.''   A study released just today found that the failure to address the  debt limit would cost the U.S. economy up to 6 million jobs, wipe out  potentially $15 trillion in household wealth, make borrowing rates  skyrocket, and send the unemployment rate surging up to 9 percent,  almost twice the level it is now. As the report states, the situation  would be cataclysmic and comparable to that suffered during the  financial crisis of 2008.   Indeed, this situation would be ``financial Armageddon,'' according  to Mark Zandi of Moody's. It could ``cause an immediate, literally  cascading catastrophe of unbelievable proportions and damage America  for 100 years,'' according to JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon.   As I mentioned before, this has always been bipartisan. Not everybody  on every side of the aisle has voted for it, but nobody would let it  fail.   In 2019, when supporting a suspension of the debt ceiling under  President Trump, Leader McConnell stated, while supporting suspension  of the debt, he stated that doing so ``secures our Nation's full faith  and credit and ensures that Congress will not throw this kind of  unnecessary wrench into the gear of our job growth and thriving  economy.''   If it was true then, why isn't it true now? Why would Senator  McConnell reverse his position and decide to throw an unnecessary  wrench into the gears of our job growth and thriving economy? Today the  stakes remain high, and they remain the same.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to come together in the spirit of  bipartisanship to protect the full faith and credit of the United  States.   I also want to, again, thank the committee and the distinguished  chair for the bipartisan conversations that you have had, settling some  internal aspects of this legislation, some of the important provisions  in it.   Remember, we cannot shut down the government. That would be  catastrophic in its own right. We cannot ignore and not support the  full faith and credit of the United States of America.   Right in this Constitution of the United States, the 14th Amendment,  Section 4: ``The validity of the public debt of the United States,  authorized by law . . . shall not be questioned.'' The Constitution  says that. Why should the Congress question that?   Mr. Speaker, I urge a strong bipartisan vote for the continuing  resolution.   