 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my amendment to H.R. 1, the  For the People Act.   H.R. 1 is bold, transformative legislation, which fights voter  suppression, promotes access to the ballot, cracks down on money in  politics, and provides transparency to the American people.   Passing this bill has never been more urgent. We must act to protect  and preserve our democracy.   My amendment gets to the heart of H.R. 1 and recognizes the  contributions that young people continue to make to our democracy.   By lowering the Federal voting age from 18 to 16 years of age, my  amendment would enfranchise young Americans to help shape and form the  policies that will set the course for our future.   From police violence, to immigration reform, to climate change, to  the future of work and the minimum wage, our young people are  organizing, mobilizing, and calling us to action. They are at the  forefront of social movements and have more than earned inclusion in  our democracy.   Mr. Speaker, 16- and 17-year-old constituents of mine are supporting  their families. They are working, not for enrichment or to build a  resume, but because they have no choice. They are attending school  full-time and taking care of loved ones in the midst of the COVID  crisis.   Young people are contributing both to the labor force and their local  economies by paying taxes, and yet they are deprived of the opportunity  to exercise their right to vote.   Some have questioned the maturity of our youth. I don't.   Sixteen- and 17-year-olds today possess wisdom and maturity defined  by today's challenges, hardships, and opportunities.   They deserve and demand a government that is accountable to them, a  government that values their voices, and understands the depth and  breadth of their lived experience.   They are not a monolith. But they are nation-builders, living through  a global pandemic, confronting racial injustice, and rebuilding our  democracy.   Now is the time for us to meet the moment and enfranchise 16- and 17- year-olds.   I would like to thank my colleagues and dear friends, Representatives  Meng and Schakowsky, for their leadership on this issue and for  cosponsoring my amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms.  Schakowsky).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Jones).    Mr. Speaker, we must do right by the young organizers  and activists who have fought for our democracy. They have a stake in  our democracy, and they deserve to have a stake at the ballot box.   Civil rights heroes like the late John Lewis taught us through  example that no one is too young to fight for access to the ballot. In  fact, he supported this very amendment last Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I respectfully request my colleagues to support this  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   