 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding.   I rise today to urge the Senate to defend the American people from  the ongoing assault on their sacred right to vote.   People of color are disproportionately impacted by the recent  onslaught of attacks on this fundamental right by certain State  legislatures and partisan litigators. This is only the latest salvo  from a decades-long war on voting rights, a war that has always been  and still is fueled by racism. But although people of color are the  primary targets of these attacks, we are not the only casualties.   The right to vote is the foundation of any democracy. Without it, the  United States would cease to be a government of, by, and for the  people. Those are the stakes. This is a life-and-death issue for our  country itself.   Earlier this year, I proudly voted with most though, unfortunately,  not all of my colleagues to designate Juneteenth National Independence  Day as a Federal holiday. With this vote, we recognized that America  cannot truly be a free country until every American is free.   Freedom cannot be conditional on who you are, where you live, what  you look like, how many hours you work, what language you speak, or  what bus you ride. That is why every attack on voting rights cracks the  foundation of our democracy. If we allow it to keep crumbling away chip  by chip, soon, the whole structure will collapse.   Last week, Senate Democrats brought an urgently needed voting rights  bill to the floor, where every single Republican voted to defeat it. Of  course, this defeat was made possible by the filibuster, an  undemocratic procedural weapon that has been wielded for a century and  a half to block anti-lynching legislation, civil rights, and voting  rights.   Americans are tired of seeing their rights sacrificed on the altar of  the filibuster. Every Senator faces a choice about what is more  important to protect, an antiquated procedural rule or our  representative democracy.   I urge my colleagues in the Senate to prioritize our democracy and  ensure access to the ballot box is not undermined by restrictive State  laws. A democracy for some is not a democracy for all.   