 Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Waters for  yielding, and I thank the gentlewoman and the ranking member for their  leadership.   I ask that we think carefully as this legislation is debated and  really reflect on January 6, where each of us probably has a personal  experience that we can offer to be able to add to the sacrifice of that  day, the moment in history and imaging that we never expected an  insurrectionist mob to rise to attack the citadel of democracy.   We were here quietly doing the people's business, the constitutional  responsibility of affirming the President and Vice President of the  United States. We were doing what the American people asked us to do.  We were representing the Capitol Police and law enforcement throughout  America. Nurses, doctors, students, teachers, the impoverished, all  were with hope looking toward the Biden-Harris administration.   We knew that there were those who did not vote for them, but we also  knew the sacredness of our Constitution, and so did the Capitol Police  and other law enforcement.   For as we were down in this very august place where noises could not  be heard quickly, our Capitol Police were already facing a torrent of  outrageous behavior, violence, guns, smears, flags representing the  worst of our Nation.   So I am very proud to rise today and thank Speaker Pelosi for the  vision  [[Page H2791]]  and leadership and to remember to be reminded of the names Brian  Sicknick, Howard Liebengood, Metropolitan Police Department Officer  Jeffrey Smith, and those who sustained injuries, those who were heroic;  Officer Eugene Goodman exemplified the patriotism, commitment, and  unselfishness in saving the lives of others; and the Metropolitan  police, along with many other law enforcement.   I rise to support this gold medal. I rise so that we never have this  happen again. And I rise to say the simple words of ``thank you.''   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3325, legislation  awarding four Congressional Gold Medals to the United States Capitol  Police and those who, on January 6, 2021, displayed selfless and heroic  service in defense of American democracy in protecting the U.S. Capitol  from the violent assault of domestic terrorists.   The United States Capitol Police dates back to 1800 when the Congress  moved from Philadelphia to Washington, D.C., and a lone watchman was  hired to protect the Capitol Building.   In 1827, President John Quincy Adams asked that a regular Capitol  Police force be established, and on May 2, 1828, Congress passed an Act  that expanded the police regulations of the City of Washington to  include the Capitol and Capitol Square.   The United States Capitol Police expanded its force after the  terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, and again following the  historic merger with the Library of Congress Police in 2009.   In addition to the more than 2,000 sworn members of the force, the  United States Capitol Police Department has over 350 civilian personnel  who provide operational and administrative support, and its diverse  workforce is comprised of employees from nearly all 50 states and the  U.S. territories.   The United States Capitol Police embodies the best in American  policing and serves as a model in security, urban crime prevention,  dignitary protection, specialty response capabilities, and homeland  security.   As ambassadors of the Congress, officers of the United States Capitol  Police Department are often the first face that visitors and employees  encounter, leaving a lasting impression that is reflective of the  Legislative Branch and its role in America's democracy.   Officers of the United States Capitol Police Department each day  proudly protect the legislative process, the symbol of the Nation's  democracy, the people who carry out the process, and the millions of  visitors who travel here to see democracy in action.   No finer example of the selfless devotion to duty, love of country,  and fidelity to their oath to preserve, protect, and defend the  Constitution of the officers of the United States Capitol Police  Department's than their valiant, heroic, and courageous response to the  January 6, 2021 assault on the Capitol Building by thousands of  domestic terrorists, insurrectionists, and rioters sent there by the  President of the United States to ``fight like hell'' to disrupt and  derail the constitutionally required Joint Meeting of Congress to open,  count, and publicly confirm the vote tally of the presidential electors  and announce the persons who had been elected President and Vice- President of the United States.   District of Columbia Mayor Muriel Bowser and the Metropolitan Police  Department have a distinguished record of protecting all groups,  regardless of their beliefs, who come to the Nation's capital to  exercise their First Amendment rights peaceably to assemble, and to  petition the Government for a redress of grievances.   At the direction of Mayor Bowser, and in advance of the scheduled  demonstrations, mutual aid was requested by the Metropolitan Police  Department from several area police departments to be on standby in the  District, including neighboring law enforcement departments, the  Metropolitan Transit Police and non-law enforcement agencies such as  the District's Homeland Security and Emergency Management Agency and  the Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department.   The sustained assault on the Capitol precipitated an equally  unprecedented response, necessitating the urgent request of the United  States Capitol Police for the Metropolitan Police Department to come  defend the Capitol to which the Metropolitan Police Department  responded immediately with several Civil Disturbance Unit Platoons and  proceeded to deploy to the west front of the Capitol and arrived within  minutes.   The violent mob overran protective measures at the Capitol, and by  1:50 p.m., Metropolitan Police Department had declared the assembly to  be a riot and immediately began working to achieve the objectives of  stopping domestic terrorists from entering the Capitol building and  removing those that were already inside, secure a perimeter so that the  Capitol could be cleared for lawmakers to resume the Joint Meeting of  Congress to demonstrate to the Nation and the world the robustness and  vitality of America's democracy, and making arrests of anyone violating  the law.   During the height of the siege of the Capitol, approximately 850  Metropolitan Police Department members were at the Capitol, with  another 250 had been in the area to directly support the response and  aftermath.   Madam Speaker, people around the country and the world were shocked  and moved by the video of a Metropolitan Police Department Officer  being beaten by a crowd of insurgents, including one wielding an  American flag, and of another in agony as he was crushed between a door  and a riot shield but also awed by their bravery in the face of this  unprovoked and vicious attack, bravery that was matched that day by  countless other unheralded Metropolitan Police Department officers.   The January 6, 2021 siege of the Capitol assault resulted in one of  the worst days of injuries for law enforcement in the United States  since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.   Madam Speaker, officers of the United States Capitol Police  Department, the Metropolitan Police Department of Washington, D.C., and  other uniformed law enforcement officers stood their ground in defense  of American democracy while being attacked by the angry mob of domestic  terrorists with metal pipes, discharged chemical irritants, and other  weapons.   At least 138 officers, 73 from the United States Capitol Police  Department and 65 from the Metropolitan Police Department in  Washington, sustained injuries during the attack on the Capitol  Building, several of which required hospitalization.   The injuries sustained ranged from bruises and lacerations to more  serious damage such as concussions, rib fractures, burns, and even a  mild heart attack.   One United States Capitol Police Department officer died from  injuries sustained while physically engaging with protesters and two  officers involved in the response have died by suicide.   Dozens, if not hundreds, of officers whom law enforcement officials  estimate will suffer in years to come with post-traumatic stress  disorder and the dozens who contracted the coronavirus from the  unmasked domestic terrorists and rioters who stormed the Capitol.   At least 38 Capitol Police officers have tested positive or were  exposed to the coronavirus as well as nearly 200 National Guard  personnel who were deployed to protect the Capitol.   Madam Speaker, the seven hours between the urgent call for help from  the Capitol Police to Metropolitan Police Department and the resumption  of work by both houses of Congress will be indelibly etched in the  memories of every law enforcement officer who was on the scene, as it  is in the minds of the Senators, Representatives, congressional and  support staff, and members of the media corps who were forced to seek  safety behind locked doors.   Despite being overwhelmed and outnumbered, the indomitable forces of  American democracy, symbolized by the resolve of the officers of the  United States Capitol Police Department, prevailed and the seditious  attack was quelled, the Capitol Building preserved, and the lives of  United States Senators and Representatives protected, as well as those  of congressional and support staff, and order was restored so that the  Joint Meeting of Congress was resumed and completed its  constitutionally required duty of counting and announcing the votes of  the presidential electors, an essential step in the peaceful transfer  of power that has been a hallmark of American democracy and the example  to the world for more than two centuries.   As the legislation recites, ``the courage of Capitol Police Officer  Eugene Goodman,'' and ``the sacrifice of heroes including Capitol  Police Officers Brian Sicknick and Howard Liebengood, Metropolitan  Police Department Officer Jeffrey Smith, and those who sustained  injuries, exemplify the patriotism'' and devotion to duty of Capitol  Police officers, and those of other law enforcement agencies, who risk  their lives in service of our country.   Madam Speaker, the Congressional Gold Medals authorized to be minted  by this legislation and to be displayed at the United States Capitol  Police headquarters, the Metropolitan Police Department of Washington,  D.C., the Smithsonian Institution, and by the Architect of the Capitol  at the United States Capitol conveys the thanks and appreciation of a  grateful nation for the selfless and heroic service exhibited by these  sentinels of the republic in defense of American democracy in  responding to the January 6, 2021 assault on the U.S. Capitol by  domestic terrorists.   This tribute is, as President Lincoln noted at Gettysburg,  ``altogether fitting and proper'' for heroes of the republic.   The action we are taking today should encourage all educational and  media institutions throughout the United States to teach and celebrate  the story of the heroism of the officers  [[Page H2792]]  of the United States Capitol Police Department, the Metropolitan Police  Department, and all other law enforcement officers who, out of true  faith and allegiance to the Constitution of the United States,  selflessly risked their lives to protect the Capitol Building and its  personnel, the Congress, and the spirit and fact of democracy in  America.   Madam Speaker, I urge all Americans to read, celebrate, and revere  the Constitution of the United States, fidelity to which is the surest  best means of forming a more perfect union, establishing justice,  ensuring domestic tranquility, providing for the common defense,  promoting the general welfare, and securing the blessing of liberty to  them and their posterity.   