 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to S.J. Res. 13, which  negates a recent U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, EEOC,  rule. I urge Members to reject this misguided resolution.   The rule in question, often referred to as the conciliation rule, is  fair, increases transparency, reduces senseless litigation, and upholds  a Federal statute.   There are dozens of pressing problems demanding Congress' attention.  Our southern border is being run over by drug dealers and human  traffickers. America is vulnerable to cyberattacks from adversarial  foreign nations, like China and Russia. Our children are months behind  in their schoolwork because of Democrats' insistence on putting  teachers' union leadership demands before students' interests.   We could be addressing those problems, but Democrats are choosing to  elevate the repeal of this commonsense rule before all those other  immediate issues.   Let's examine the facts of the matter. The Civil Rights Act of 1964  requires EEOC to engage in conciliation. Before the EEOC can pursue  court proceedings against an employer for a discrimination claim, the  agency must work with the business to resolve the dispute.   There are good reasons Congress established this requirement.  Successful conciliations provide immediate relief to employees who  suffered discrimination. Conciliations also save these employees time  and money. Court cases are adversarial and can last years. Individuals  who experience discrimination should not have to wait years for  justice.   Nothing in the regulation prohibits the EEOC from using the court  system if conciliation fails. For over four decades, EEOC's  conciliation process remained largely ineffectual and unaltered.  Antiquated bureaucratic systems deserve scrutiny, and this opaque  practice was long overdue for improvement.   Prior to the rule's promulgation, a paltry 41 percent of the  conciliations were successful. One out of every three employers  declined to participate in this broken process.   In 2015, the Supreme Court reprimanded the EEOC for its inadequate  conciliation process, which included failing to communicate basic  information about the alleged discrimination to employers. The mounting  evidence of a failed conciliation process grew harder and harder for  the EEOC to ignore. That is why the conciliation rule was issued on  January 14, after an extensive notice-and-comment rulemaking.   Under the rule, the core tenets of conciliation remain unchanged.  Conciliation stays voluntary, does not favor either the employer or the  worker, and protects individuals' privacy.   The rule requires the EEOC to provide employers with basic but  important information in support of the agency's findings, including  simple underlying facts, the legal basis for the finding, an  explanation of the monetary relief calculations, and whether the EEOC  designated the case for a class of individuals.   The rule also does not increase costs to taxpayers. EEOC is on the  record saying its operating budget will absorb any minor costs  associated with implementing the rule.   In summary, S.J. Res. 13 harms the victims of discrimination;  encourages the EEOC to pursue needless, combative, and expensive  litigation; and turns the EEOC back into a politically driven, runaway  bureaucracy.   Madam Speaker, I urge Members to vote ``no'' on S.J. Res. 13, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, Democrats have claimed that EEOC's conciliation rule  could subject employees to retaliation. This claim could not be further  from the truth.   First, the rule explicitly states that employees may remain anonymous  in the conciliation process if they so choose. In such cases,  settlement discussions would proceed with the employee or employees  making claims of discrimination remaining anonymous.  [[Page H3112]]    Second, the existing statutes to which the conciliation rule applies  all make it illegal for an employer to retaliate against an employee  for filing a charge with EEOC or participating in EEOC proceedings. An  employer would be compounding its legal exposure if it unwisely tried  to act against employees for making a complaint to the EEOC.   The claim that the conciliation rule will expose employees to  retaliation is a red herring.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this misguided  resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, in 2015, the Supreme Court harshly criticized EEOC's  conciliation process in the Mach Mining decision, which held that a  court may review whether the EEOC satisfied its statutory obligation to  engage in conciliation before filing a lawsuit.   The agency claimed that two ``bookend letters'' were all that was  needed to satisfy the statutory conciliation requirement, one at the  beginning of the process announcing a finding of discrimination, and  one at the end stating that conciliation had failed.   The Supreme Court disagreed and ruled that the EEOC must disclose to  the employer ``what practice has harmed which person or class, and  provide the employer an `opportunity' to discuss the matter in an  effort to achieve voluntary compliance.''   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, S.J. Res. 13 is a partisan maneuver to overturn an  eminently reasonable regulation. Before the rule, the EEOC's  conciliation process was out of date, opaque, and ineffective.  Individuals subject to workplace discrimination should not have to wait  years for justice.   Employers are not asking too much when they request basic information  about the EEOC's findings. The conciliation rule updates a broken  system and is beneficial to both workers and employers.   S.J. Res. 13 delivers a partisan victory for the Democrats'  technocrat base.   Madam Speaker, I reject S.J. Res. 13, and I urge my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle to join me.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   