 Madam Speaker, I thank our outstanding chairman.   Madam Speaker, this helmet has been on my shelf in my office for 9  years. It has the signatures of 58 military servicemembers who have  been sexually assaulted. It was a daily reminder to me that we had so  much work to do.   The clarion call of them, and so many others, hundreds of thousands  of other servicemembers who have been sexually assaulted in the  military has  [[Page H7220]]  finally been heard. We cannot erase their anguish, their pain, their  abuse, their scarring, but we can, through this NDAA, change it for  future servicemembers.   Make no mistake, Madam Speaker, this is a seismic reform of the  military justice system as it relates to sexual assault, as it relates  to murder, as it relates to kidnapping. It is, in fact, creating a  separate, distinct office which will be populated by those who are  professional lawyers skilled in sexual assault, and investigators who  will do the investigations. They will make the decisions as to whether  or not these cases move forward.   Beyond that, we make a crime of sexual harassment. We don't go far  enough because, unfortunately, it is still in the chain of command.  Mind you, 100,000 servicemembers are sexually harassed every year.  Sexual harassment begets sexual assault. We have more work to do there.   Beyond that, in this particular measure we have a 2.7 percent  increase for our servicemembers. We also provide up to 12 weeks of  parental leave. Our version had a required opportunity for 12 weeks,  but that was changed, and, hopefully, we will move on that in the  future. We are improving childcare centers that are failing.   We have required an independent review commission to look at suicides  within the military.    Madam Speaker, we have now required racial and gender  data collection for NJP. We also are providing better access to mental  health.   In the end, when servicemembers serve so do their families. This bill  delivers on our commitment to them and to the military families. It  also honors the memory of Specialist Guillen and others like her who  have been killed, as well as the tens of thousands of survivors living  with the scars of sexual assault.   Madam Speaker, I thank Josh Connolly, my chief of staff; Brian  Collins; Chuck Jackson, my fellow. I also thank the committee staff,  Ilka Regino, Hannah Kaufman, Dave Giachetti, Ranking Member   Mike  Gallagher, and a special thanks to Chairman Adam Smith, who has worked  so closely with me in making sure we got to this point.   