 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2685, the  Understanding Cybersecurity of Mobile Networks Act, bipartisan  legislation I'm proud to have authored.   While all of us are inundated by advertisements for 5G, nearly all of  our calls, texts, and mobile data traverse through 2G, 3G, and 4G  networks today. We're moving toward a 5G world, but for the foreseeable  future these older networks will handle most of our wireless  communications.   Since cellphones became common in the 1990s, government agencies,  academics, think tanks, industry associations, and independent  researchers have discovered various cybersecurity vulnerabilities in  our wireless networks. Wireless network companies, mobile devices  manufacturers, and other companies have responded to many of these  vulnerabilities, but recent cybersecurity developments depict that  vulnerabilities continue to exit in mobile cybersecurity. For example,  Stingray's cell site simulators continue to intercept calls, texts, and  mobile data of unwitting victims; SIM swaps are increasing as a means  of identity fraud; and mobile spyware made by NSO Group and others has  threatened the safety of journalists, activists, dissidents, and  government officials around the globe. ln each of these instances  companies have taken certain actions to mitigate threats, but we lack a  sophisticated, comprehensive, and independent assessment of what  vulnerabilities persist, what issues have been resolved, and where  mobile cybersecurity policymaking should be focused.   H.R 2685 solves this lack of information. The legislation requires  the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA),  in coordination with the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), to  conduct a comprehensive study on the cybersecurity vulnerabilities of  our 2G, 3G, and 4G networks.   Specifically, the study will include an assessment of responses to  known vulnerabilities and deployment of best practices; an estimate of  the prevalence of effective encryption and authentication techniques,  [[Page H6689]]  along with a discussion of barriers to adopting more efficacious  techniques; a discussion of the prevalence, costs, availability, and  usage of cell site simulators and other surveillance and interception  technologies.   In addition to coordinating with DHS, the NTIA is required to consult  the various federal agencies with relevant expertise, academic and  independent researchers, multistakeholder and international  organizations, and industry groups. While the report will be public, it  will include a classified annex so details about vulnerabilities that  could aid our adversaries are not publicized.   I first introduced the Understanding Cybersecurity of Mobile Networks  Act last Congress with Rep. Adam Kinzinger, and I thank him for his  continued partnership on the legislation, and I thank Communications  and Technology Subcommittee Chairman Doyle and Ranking Member Latta and  the Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Pallone and Ranking Member  Rodgers, for their support of this legislation   I ask my colleagues to support the passage of H.R. 2685   