 Mr. President, it will come as no surprise to anyone in  this Chamber that I am extremely proud to be born and raised in  Michigan.   Our State leads the world in innovation. We are the leaders in making  things--furniture, appliances, wind turbines and solar components and  so much more, and, of course, we are the home of the automobile and the  automotive assembly line and the middle class of America.   Our workers put the world on four wheels. They built an economy  strong enough that those same workers could afford to buy one or two or  more cars and trucks that they made.   Yet our Nation faces a stark choice right now, and that is why the  bill in front of us tonight is so very important. We can continue to  invest in making things in America or we can decide that it is not  really worth the trouble anymore.   We can continue to lead the world in the research and development of  breakthrough technologies or we can allow other countries to surge  ahead while we tread water. And we can stand with our workers on the  assembly lines as they build the vehicles of the future or we can watch  our plants close, ship our jobs overseas, and let our middle class  wither away--our choice.   But I would argue that we may have no choice. That is no choice at  all. We know what we need to do. It is time to stand on the side of  American manufacturing, as this bill does. It is time to stand on the  side of American ingenuity, as this bill does. And it is time to stand  on the side of American workers and our American middle class.   It is time to take a stand and invest in our shared future and build  an economy that can compete with anyone, anywhere, anytime. That is  America. That is what the U.S. Innovation and Competition Act does.   One of our first orders of business is to increase our investments in  research and development, and we have no time to lose. American R&D  spending is  [[Page S3852]]  near the lowest point in 60 years--lowest point in 60 years. What else  happened 60 years ago? Well, the first person flew into space, and he  wasn't an American. That fact helped light a fire under American  leaders. They understood that we could invest in R&D or let the Soviet  Union surge ahead, and we did.   Today, we are in a race with China, and they are gaining on us. In  2019, China's investment in R&D grew by about 13 percent. Ours grew 8  percent. And they plan to boost R&D spending by 7 percent each year  through 2025.   That is why it is so important that we pass the U.S. Innovation and  Competition Act. It will invest $120 billion over 5 years in critical-- critical--research, including artificial intelligence, advanced  computing, and semiconductors. And it will quadruple the investment for  the manufacturing extension partnership and provides $1.2 billion for  the Manufacturing USA Program that is especially important to Michigan.   We are proud to have two Manufacturing USA initiatives in our State-- Lightweight Innovations for Tomorrow, or LIFT, and Michigan State  University's Scale-up Research Facility, or SURF. Both are located in  the same facility in Detroit, and it is a very exciting place.   LIFT's projects include research into better welding processes for  Navy ships and an anti-rollover system for military humvees. SURF is  partnering with the Department of Energy and Ford and GM to make sure  that America is a leader in advanced vehicle technologies.   We are equally proud of our amazing research institutions, including  Michigan State University, the University of Michigan, Wayne State, and  Michigan Tech.   Today's students are tomorrow's engineers. We know that. We are  counting on their brain power to build a future in which cars are  connected and collisions are a memory. That future is being written  today at the American Center for Mobility in Michigan and Mcity at the  University of Michigan, where connected and automated vehicles are  tested, evaluated, and demonstrated. It is really amazing to see. It is  being written by Michigan automakers, who are working towards the day  where cars are emission-free--emission-free. I know that President  Biden was impressed by Ford's new F-150 Lightning that he test drove in  Michigan last week. I think it was hard to get him out of the car. He  thought it was so cool.    Last month, I toured GM's new Factory Zero, which will soon be  manufacturing electric Hummers and Silverado trucks, Chevy Silverado  trucks. In Detroit, Stellantis, formerly known as Chrysler, is gearing  up to build hybrid electric versions of an iconic American vehicle, the  Jeep. It is what we have always done in Michigan. We make things, and  we grow things. That is what we do.   Unfortunately, making things has gotten more difficult recently.  COVID-19 exposed the weaknesses in our supply chain, and a shortage of  semiconductors has idled multiple auto plants across the country and  many in Michigan. Auto dealers that are normally packed with every make  and model under the Sun suddenly have fewer choices. Worse, Michigan  workers have been laid off--no chips, no cars, no work.   It is not enough to just build cars that are made in America. To  remain competitive in the global marketplace, we need to build the  component parts that go into the cars and trucks that we build in  America--the supply chain.   In 1990, 37 percent of global semiconductor manufacturing capacity  was here in the United States--37 percent. Today, it is 12 percent.  They are definitely going in the wrong direction, and this is very  serious. And the importance of these chips keep growing.   Other countries have invested in chip manufacturing. It is time we do  the same. The U.S. Innovation and Competition Act provides $39 billion  in the Commerce Department for incentives that will boost semiconductor  manufacturing in the United States and make our supply chain more  resilient. It includes $2 billion to incentivize the production of  mature semiconductor technologies--the kinds of chips used by our auto  companies and home appliances and defense manufacturing.   I am pleased that yesterday the Finance Committee passed the Clean  Energy for America Act, which will help Michigan and our country launch  the next generation of Michigan manufacturing. It includes my  bipartisan legislation with Senator Manchin and Senator Daines to help  companies invest in new clean energy manufacturing facilities and  expand existing plants to build those new technologies, including  semiconductors and battery operations.   Another way we can boost American manufacturing is to make sure every  single American taxpayer dollar possible is spent on American-made  products. My bipartisan Make it in America Act with Senator Warren  makes it harder for Federal Agencies to use waivers or loopholes to get  around ``Buy American'' rules to purchase foreign-made products. I also  want to thank Tammy Baldwin and Senator Sherrod Brown for their  continued leadership on these ``Buy American'' issues.   The Federal Government is an enormous consumer, and we are set to  make big infrastructure investments. ``Buy American'' rules means that  American dollars flow into local economies when we purchase American- made PPE, American-made iron and steel, and great American electric  vehicles.   It is time to invest in the research and development that turn  American ingenuity into American innovation and U.S. ingenuity into  U.S. innovation. It is time to build an American supply chain that can  build American products and American jobs in American communities. And  it is time to ensure that American tax dollars are supporting those  businesses and those workers.   I am proud to say Michigan workers built our Nation. It is time for  our Nation to return the favor. The bill this evening on the floor is a  critical step forward in making sure that happens.   I yield the floor.   