 Mr. President, the American people need our help, and they  need it now. Far too many families are struggling just to get by.   My home State of Nevada has been hit especially hard during this  pandemic. Before COVID, Nevada was stable, and Nevada was thriving, but  since the pandemic began, our industries--especially our travel and  tourism, key economic pillars of our State--were devastated. In fact,  countless Nevada businesses have struggled, and unfortunately many have  had to close their doors permanently. This is forcing Nevadans out of  work and putting their financial well-being in jeopardy. Now, during  this public health and economic crisis, Nevada is close to having the  highest rate of unemployment in the Nation.   Here in Congress, we have passed stopgap packages to try to help all  those who are facing these tough times. The relief measures we have  delivered for the American people have been a good start, but they are  not enough to safely see our country through this pandemic.   Small business owners risk losing their businesses if they cannot  access the full loans and grants that Congress promised them but that  the last administration failed to deliver. Our State and local  governments have exhausted their budgets responding to this public  health crisis, and as a result, they face looming cuts to essential  support and services that our communities are relying on.   This isn't something that is happening just in my State; this is the  common experience across our country. The people of Nevada, the  American people--they are desperately calling out for a lifeline, and  we must deliver a real one and as soon as possible.   COVID-19 is a global public health emergency, and it requires the  full force of the U.S. Government. We must act boldly and efficiently  as we work to overcome this crisis and meet the needs of this moment.   We need real relief--real relief fo families who are struggling to  pay their bills, for those who are struggling to afford basic  necessities, for parents who are struggling just to feed their kids.    We need real relief. We need real relief for our travel and tourism  industries. We need to ensure that they can make it through this  turbulent time. We need a framework for ensuring that health and safety  standards are met, and we need a path toward restoring consumer  confidence.   We need real relief--real relief for our small businesses, including  tax credits to help businesses get by and full EIDL loans and grants  without arbitrary caps.   We need real relief--real relief for our workers, including increased  unemployment benefits and proper IT infrastructure to get those  benefits out faster to Americans in need.   We need real relief--real relief for State and local governments so  that they can continue working tirelessly to save the lives of  Americans in every corner of our Nation, so that they can continue  testing and tracing in our communities, so that they can continue to  provide childcare for essential workers, and so that they continue to  provide PPE and things to limit the spread of COVID-19.   We need real relief--real relief that supports a greater vaccine  distribution and accelerates vaccine deployment, including to our  communities of color and rural areas where healthcare access is too  frequently a challenge.   Senator Cortez Masto and I have been working with our Governor. We  have been working with our Governor and working with all of our local  governments to get more shots in arms across the State of Nevada, but  we need more.   When so many in our country are hurting and they are struggling, we  must ask ourselves why American families, why members of our  communities, why would they deserve any less? It is time for a  comprehensive relief package that truly provides relief to the American  people.   I urge all of my colleagues to join me in this effort to help see our  Nation through this challenge. Lives are depending on us. Our States  are counting on us. The whole country is looking to us--looking to us  to show leadership, to stand up, to save lives and livelihoods. So  let's ensure that we don't let them down. Let's pass that real relief,  thoughtful and targeted relief, and do it now.   I yield the floor.  [[Page S311]]    