 Thank you, Mr. President. I also want to thank my senior  Senator from our great State of Iowa for his wonderful contributions to  our agriculture sector. This is an extremely important topic that we  are bringing to the floor today, the threat of agriculture ransomware.   From grocery stores in Iowa to New York and every State in between,  it is no secret that the price of groceries has drastically increased  over the course of the past year. Combining that with the ongoing  supply chain disaster, it is even more apparent that the last thing we  need is a cyber security attack that would shut down any of our  agriculture production.   Like many Iowans, I am increasingly concerned about the growing  ransomware attacks on our Nation's ag economy. In a 2019 report,  researchers from the University of Minnesota outlined the seriousness  of the risk of cyber attacks to the American food and agriculture  system. The report indicated that American agriculture is extremely  vulnerable due to outdated security, poor coordination among  businesses, and lack of emphasis on cyber security within the industry.   In June, the world's largest meat processing company, JBS, was  attacked by a Russian-based operation. Nine U.S.-based meat packing  plants temporarily shut down as a result of that attack, including the  JBS pork processing plants in Marshalltown and Ottumwa, IA.   Similarly, NEW Cooperative, an Iowa grain cooperative that controls  40 percent of the grain distribution in our country, was recently  targeted with a cyber attack by another Russian cyber crime. They  attacked controlled crop irrigation, livestock feed schedules, and  inventory distribution, and then they demanded $5.9 million in ransom.   Another attack hit Farmers Cooperative Elevator Company, based in  Arcadia, IA. This was coordinated by another Russian attacker, who  threatened to release sensitive data, including financial, sales, and  accounting information.   This is a very serious warning sign for our ag industry. It is a  problem primed to increase as farmers incorporate more technology into  their daily lives. Precision agriculture, for example, has promising  potential to fulfill increasing global food supply and demand while  also improving our soil and water quality, but it demands heavy  reliance on interconnected devices and the internet, creating  vulnerability. Attackers can exploit these vulnerabilities to remotely  control and disrupt data flow, potentially causing devastating  consequences, especially as farmers move their crops and their  livestock to market.   These attacks risk the livelihood of farmers and affect the supply  chain that puts food on the shelves and on our families' tables all  across our country. That is why I believe 21st-century farming needs  21st-century solutions. The security, safety, and resiliency of our  food supply chain is integral to the overall security of our Nation.   The ag sector is designated as critical infrastructure, but  historically, it has not received robust cyber security support from  the government.   Just recently, I joined Senator Grassley in urging Secretary Mayorkas  to address these ransomware attacks on agriculture and to leverage the  Department's resources to prepare for any future attacks. The Biden  administration outlined a new national security memorandum that would  include cyber security as it relates to agriculture, but the plan is  voluntary and would severely limit its effectiveness. It is why I  joined Senators Grassley, Stabenow, and Tester in an effort to get both  the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Health and Human  Services, who oversees the Food and Drug Administration, permanent  representation on the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United  States.   The legislation also adds new criteria to ensure that proposed  transactions are reviewed specifically for their potential impact on  American food and agricultural systems. The increasing trend of foreign  investment in our food and ag system should be met with careful  scrutiny in order to safeguard the security and safety of our food  supply and, by extension, our Nation because, after all, food security  is national security.   Again, I thank my senior Senator Chuck Grassley for leading these  efforts to protect our agriculture industry, the livelihoods of Iowans,  and everyone else who puts food on their table.   I yield the floor.   