 Madam Speaker, today, we confront one of  America's lingering legacies of discrimination.   At America's founding, women were intentionally left out of the  Constitution and, as second-class citizens, we did not have the right  to vote or own property.   Today, we still receive less pay for the same work, and we face  actual or imminent threats of violence and harassment daily.   But the equal rights amendment rejects that.   After over a century, the ERA is on the cusp of ratification, and we  finally have a President who will make this long overdue provision of  our Constitution a reality.    Women's rights should not depend on which party is in power. These  basic fundamental rights must be guaranteed. We must secure equality  for women under the law, in the Constitution, and in our daily lives.   If we want to hand a more perfect union over to our daughters--and I  have two--this Women's History Month, let's seize the moment and end  sex discrimination once and for all.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on this resolution to remove the arbitrary and  outdated deadline for ratifying the ERA.    Madam Speaker, I rise to support the Violence  Against Women Reauthorization Act.   VAWA established critical infrastructure that responds to domestic  violence, sexual assault, dating violence, and stalking.   For far too long, this vital update collected dust in the Senate  graveyard. Thankfully, with a Democratic Senate majority and President  Biden, we finally have real partners to secure justice, safety, and  dignity for American women, particularly those who are most vulnerable.   The statistics remain deplorable: One in four American women are  victims of domestic violence; one in six will be a sexual assault  victim in their lifetime. The pandemic only exacerbated the need for  services to comprehensively respond to these egregious crimes.   Now is no time to retreat from the vital work of improving the  Federal response to gender-based violence. For Women's History Month,  let's reaffirm our commitment to survivors everywhere, and make this  world safer for all our mothers, sisters, and daughters.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this urgent  legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   I rise today to honor our foremothers who first demanded equity in  and outside the home, along with the sheroes  [[Page H1485]]  of today who still battle for it amidst this deadly pandemic both on  and behind its front lines.   The onset of COVID-19 pushed so many brave women into the deadly  viral fires. It also foisted upon too many of them an inordinate share  of unpaid caretaker and teacher roles once they were safe at home.   Throughout all of history, it is women, especially those of color,  who bear the harshest health and economic burdens and fallout from such  national crises.   The data is clear: Only a full recovery that prioritizes women can  reverse this ``she-cession'' we are in.   That is why I proudly supported the American Rescue Plan, which  provides much-needed help to women across this country. This relief  package includes historic expansion of the child tax credit to help  lift children and families out of poverty, and provides paid-leave tax  credits to help more women stay in the workforce.   It also makes the investments needed to safely reopen schools and  keep the childcare industry afloat so women and families can pay for  care and get back to work.   And with the inclusion of $1,400 stimulus checks per family member  and extended unemployment assistance, women can finally regain their  footing as equal partners and breadwinners.   Yet, even among these many challenges women have faced over this last  year, we cannot overlook that, for the first time in history, we have  sworn in a Madam Vice President. The historic inauguration of Vice  President Harris will inspire countless girls to higher ambitions, and  it marks a milestone for all women of color whose work, leadership, and  vision went unrecognized for far too long.   In the Jewish faith, one of our most important tenets is the concept  of l'dor v'dor--from generation to generation. It is our responsibility  to lift up the women of tomorrow and ensure that the world provides  every opportunity for them to succeed.   This Women's History Month, while we honor and remember the women who  have carried us through this and other past national calamities, we  also celebrate that the shoulders we now stand on provide an even  clearer vision of the equity and fairness for which we all strive.   Women are the changemakers, the visionaries, and the leaders of the  future. Today, we celebrate a world in which my two daughters and all  young girls everywhere have bold, limitless visions and dreams that are  now truly possible.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership.   