 Mr. President, I want to thank my senior Senator from Iowa  for being the lead Republican on this bill, and I am rising today as  well to support my colleague in her request today for consideration of  the Military Justice Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act.   Our service men and women--all of them--are volunteers. They  represent some of the best our Nation has to offer. They choose to  serve. They swear to protect against all enemies, foreign and domestic,  and to defend the Constitution. In this day and age, they face many  risks, but they should not face the risk of sexual assault from within  their own ranks.   For years, the military has struggled to reduce the number of sexual  assaults within the ranks. Yet we have seen little progress in  defeating this scourge. The stories from survivors are heartbreaking:  servicemembers who are attacked by their own teammates; servicemembers  whose lives are turned upside down; servicemembers who are abandoned by  their chain of command; servicemembers who receive no justice; and  servicemembers who are left with the scars, often physical but always  psychological, of a terrible experience.   I know these stories not just from the retelling by survivors of  sexual assault but from being a survivor of sexual assault myself. It  is time we take new action to stop these attacks, to bring justice for  the victims and to prevent these actions going forward.   Our bill, with over 60 cosponsors, Republicans and Democrats from all  political philosophies, and the endorsement of veterans groups,  survivors groups, and individual servicemembers, does that. And our  bipartisan bill takes steps to ensure the unit commander is still  involved and aware of what is going on within the unit.   This bill also puts in place measures for the prevention of sexual  assault. It increases security on our bases and stations. It trains  leaders from the top to the bottom on developing a better command  climate. It reinforces training on prevention of sexual assault.   If a foreign power were to attack any of our service men and women  overseas, there would be a stampede of Senators coming to the floor and  demanding action. Now I hear only the footsteps of those coming to stop  us from consideration of something that would help prevent attacks on  our service men and women by one of their own. It is time for action,  and I urge my colleagues to pass this time agreement.   Mr. President, with that, I yield to the Senator from Connecticut  Senator Blumenthal.    Mr. President, I want to take just a very brief moment and  thank the chairman and the ranking member of the Armed Services  Committee because this is a very significant move that is being  proposed by Senators Gillibrand and Grassley and those of us who are  cosponsors of this legislation.   It is time to act. It is time to act. If we can go back into previous  years, I have been one of those nay-sayers. I have said to others that  I was very torn about removing this decision from a commander's  purview. I was torn. But we have not seen improvement when it comes to  the areas of sexual assault and other serious crimes within our  Nation's armed services. So it is time to take very bold action. It is  time to take bold action.   I do share those concerns as so eloquently stated by Senator  Gillibrand that we are making a bold proposal that we believe now fit  for those who want prevention, like myself, those who want to reform  and improve and professionalize those prosecutors within the military  system. We can bring that together and move it forward, but that is not  going to happen if we see it watered down through the process of the  NDAA.   I would love to see this bill in its entirety passed. If that can  happen through the NDAA, so be it. But as Senator Gillibrand just  stated, we have worked on legislation before to see it come to fruition  in the Senate through NDAA, but not have it passed and signed into law.  So I do share those concerns, and I have not had assurances that we  could pass the bill in its entirety.   I would also ask that we take this up for consideration on the floor.  I think it is that important to move forward. There are a lot of  survivors out there who would like to see this move forward. I believe  that now we also have a swell of military members who would like to see  this bill in its entirety move forward.   This body as a Senate--not just as Senate Armed Services Committee  members, but this body as a Senate--this body as a Congress, we do have  civilian oversight of the military and our civilian oversight takes  into consideration those members, our constituents, who are asking for  this change. Believe me, I am hearing from my constituents on this  change.   I yield the floor.   