 Mr. President, every President swears an oath to  preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States.  Every President has a solemn duty to uphold the rule of law and to  preserve our democratic system. No one is above the law, not even a  President.   President Trump violated his oath. He promulgated lies about the  election, used his office to try to interfere with election officials  doing their job, and failed to protect our Capitol from a mob that  clearly intended to cause physical harm to elected officials and to  stop the lawful certification of election results.   For months, President Trump used his platform as President--at  rallies, on Twitter, and in press interviews--to spread disinformation,  making unsubstantiated and false claims about voting by mail, vote  rigging, and fraud in counting ballots. President Trump pressured State  and local officials across the country to reject election results  without evidence. He called Georgia Secretary of State Brad  Raffensperger to pressure him to find the votes he needed to win the  State. Even after President Trump lost 61 election-related cases in  State and Federal courts, he continued to insist the election was  stolen from him. In the process, President Trump sowed doubt and  provoked his supporters.   President Trump summoned his supporters to Washington, DC, on January  6. They included known domestic violent extremists, including the Proud  Boys, the Oath Keepers, and other White supremacists and far-right  militia groups. Federal law enforcement had warned about the threat of  violence from armed members of these groups. Nevertheless, President  Trump urged his supporters to march to the U.S. Capitol and to fight  and told them they will ``never take back our country with weakness.''  He said he would march with them.   Instead of trying to stop them, President Trump continued to support  actions by the insurrectionists even after they breached the Capitol  Building, overwhelmed and unleashed violence against law enforcement,  and put at risk the lives of the Vice President, Members of Congress,  Capitol Police officers, and staff members. Four insurrectionists died.  In all, 140 law enforcement personnel were injured and 1 police  officer, Capitol Police Officer Brian Sicknick, was killed. Two more  police officers later died as a result of the insurrection.   Many of the insurrectionists said they were there at the direction of  President Trump. And the President did not call on his followers to  stand down or send reinforcements to help the overwhelmed law  enforcement at the Capitol. Instead, we know from a statement from  Washington Congresswoman Jaime Herrera Beutler entered into the trial  record that President Trump refused to help bring an end to the  insurrection even after House Republican Leader Kevin McCarthy urged  him to act.   In this moment and in the weeks and months leading up to the  insurrection, President Trump violated his duty to the Constitution and  his oath of office. There must be accountability. Without  accountability, we are setting a dangerous precedent--one that says  that the President is above the law and did not uphold his oath to  ensure the peaceful transfer of power.   It is also important to recognize that the events that unfolded on  January 6 did not occur in isolation. They were the culmination of  years of President Trump stoking the flames of racial tension and  division, as the House impeachment managers have concisely laid out.   Throughout President Trump's time in office, hate crimes rose to  levels not seen in over a decade. The rise in domestic violent  extremism has been publicly acknowledged by President Trump's own FBI  Director, Christopher Wray, who identified it as the most severe threat  to the homeland. Director Wray has testified that racially-motivated  violent extremists make up the largest aspect of domestic violent  extremist cases, often involving militia groups, such as the ones who  were present during the January 6th insurrection.   In the Northwest we have faced threats from racially-motived  extremists and armed anti-government militia groups for decades,  including the siege of Ruby Ridge, ID, in 1992, the Aryan Nations  compound near Hayden Lake, ID, and the attempted bombing of Spokane's  Martin Luther King, Jr., memorial march in 2011. Groups that were among  the insurrectionists on January 6, including the Three Percenters, the  Proud Boys, and the Oath Keepers, all have a significant presence in my  State. In the last 4 years, their activity has been on the rise.  Following the insurrection at the U.S. Capitol, they threatened State  capitals around our country, including in my State. An armed mob  breached the gates outside of the Governor's mansion in Olympia,  surrounding Governor Inslee's residence on the capitol complex while  his family was inside. This wasn't the first time, however, that these  armed extremist groups have showed up to demonstrations in my State.   As this Senate trial has clearly shown, President Trump has  repeatedly inflamed these groups and others. He encouraged violence at  his rallies, called White nationalists and neo-Nazis in Charlottesville  ``very fine people,'' refused to clearly condemn White supremacy during  a Presidential debate, told the Proud Boys hate group to ``stand back  and stand by,'' and told the January 6th insurrectionists that he  ``loves them and they are very special'' after they had already laid  siege to our Capitol and committed heinous acts of violence. That  encouragement has had consequences, as we saw in Charlottesville and on  January 6.   President Trump's responsibility is clear. He violated his oath of  office and tried to overturn the results of the election. Free and fair  elections are the bedrock of democracy. Generations of Americans gave  their lives for our freedom, for our right to vote, and for the  peaceful transfer of power. I voted to hold President Trump accountable  for committing a high crime against our governmental system and to  safeguard the future of democracy in the United States of America.   