 Madam Speaker, I thank Chair Lofgren for her  leadership. I'd  [[Page H3276]]  also like to thank our Speaker, our Majority Leader, our Whip, Mr.  Clyburn, Chairwoman Beatty, Chairman Bennie Thompson, and Congressman  Butterfield for moving this legislation forward with the urgency that  it requires.   I rise in strong support of H.R. 3005, which will remove shameful  monuments to slavery, segregation, and white supremacy from the U.S  Capitol. In 2017, in the wake of the white nationalist rally in  Charlottesville, I introduced the Confederate Monument Removal Act to  remove all statues of people who voluntarily served the Confederacy  from the Capitol building, so thank you for including this in this  current bill. Venerating those who took up arms against the United  States to preserve slavery is an affront to the human dignity of all  Americans.   These painful symbols of bigotry and racism have no place in our  society and certainly should not be enshrined in the U.S. Capitol.  Following our historic vote on Juneteenth, it is past time for Congress  to stop glorifying the men who committed treason against the United  States to keep African Americans in chains.   The movement to honor Confederate soldiers was a deliberate act to  rewrite history and diminish the role of slavery in the outbreak of  hostilities between the North and the South. The Confederacy sought to  uphold the institution of slavery and maintain a racial hierarchy that  brutalized and oppressed Black people. This ideology of white supremacy  led to the rise of Confederate memorials in the 20th century. Most  Confederate statutes were erected during periods of extreme civil  rights tension, not in the immediate aftermath of the Civil War. Placed  in public spaces, they were testaments to the enduring notion of white  supremacy and used to push back against the movement for equality for  African Americans. They are symbols of white supremacy and hatred, not  Southern heritage. They don't belong here in the U.S. Capitol.   We are in a critical moment to act. The removal of Confederate  statues from the U.S. Capitol is an important step in confronting our  nation's painful legacy of slavery, racism, and oppression. As a  descendant of enslaved Africans, I support this bill and I ask for an  `aye' vote.   