 Madam President, I rise today to applaud the swift,  unanimous Senate passage last night of the Helping American Victims  Afflicted by Neurological Attacks Act, or the HAVANA Act. This bill  will provide much needed assistance to the employees of the  Intelligence Community, the State Department, and other Federal  Agencies who have suffered from often debilitating brain injuries at  the hands of our foreign adversaries. Too often, these injured public  servants have had to battle the bureaucracy to receive the medical care  they desperately require.   I am very pleased today to be joined on the Senate floor by the  Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Senator Warner. He has  been relentless in his pursuit of care for these injured public  servants who risk their lives for us, who serve in difficult and  dangerous environments. Senator Warner and the vice chairman of the  Senate Intelligence Committee, Senator Rubio, and Senator Shaheen of  New Hampshire worked with me to draft the bill that the Senate  unanimously cleared last night.   We are very pleased that the following Senators cosponsored our  legislation: Senators Cornyn, Bennet, Burr, Gillibrand, Blunt,  Heinrich, Sasse, Feinstein, Cotton, King, Risch, Durbin, Scott,  Menendez, Blumenthal, and Hassan. I mentioned those cosponsors to show  the breadth of concern in the Senate about these injured employees.   For several years, American personnel serving our country in Cuba,  China, and elsewhere have experienced unexplained, serious medical  harm, including, in some cases, permanent brain injuries. Their  conditions are believed to be the consequence of a mysterious, directed  energy weapon used by an adversary.   As we investigate the source of previous attacks and seek to prevent  future ones, the bill that passed the Senate last night would provide  additional medical care and financial compensation to Americans who  continue to experience debilitating symptoms as a result of these  heinous attacks.   The injuries that many of these victims have endured are significant  and life-altering. I have talked with many of these victims. They have  described debilitating headaches, a loss of vision, a decreased ability  to hear, dizziness, and many other symptoms as well, including a  decline in their cognitive abilities. In some cases, they have been  forced to medically retire. In other cases, they somehow continue on  while coping with these symptoms.   I have spoken several times to CIA Director Burns and the Director of  National Intelligence, Haines, about these attacks, and I am heartened  by the commitments that they have made to me and to other members of  the Senate Intelligence Committee to care for the victims and to  identify the perpetrators and the weapon used in these attacks.   We can speculate. We have our suspicions. But the fact is, we do not  know exactly what the weapon is nor who is wielding it. We need a  whole-of-government approach to identify the adversary who is targeting  our American personnel, and I am grateful to the chairman and vice  chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee, who I know are committed to  getting to the bottom of these attacks.   I hope, when President Biden meets with President Putin, that he will  ask President Putin about these attacks, that he will grill him about  them to see if the Russians are responsible. At this point, we don't  know.   The public servants who work in our embassies and consulates overseas  make many personal sacrifices to represent America's interests. They  deserve our unwavering support when they are harmed in the line of  duty, just as we care for soldiers who are injured on the battlefield.  Last night, we took an important step in that direction.   