 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and  for her extraordinary service and leadership as the chair of the  Appropriations Committee. I commend her and I commend the ranking  member for their leadership in bringing this bipartisan legislation to  the floor. It was formulated in a bipartisan way. It was voted for in  the Senate with a large bipartisan vote just earlier today, and now we  will be able to pass this legislation, enroll it in a ceremony, and  send it to the President of the United States.   Madam Speaker, I thank not only the chair but the chairs of the  subcommittees. We call them the cardinals. They have all worked so hard  to get us to this place, which will make such a difference.   Actually, Madam Speaker, it helps us honor what the Constitution is  about. The Preamble said to ``establish justice, ensure domestic  tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general  welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our  posterity.''   So establishing justice, justice in many broad senses of the word:  helping hungry families, ensuring people have access to justice and the  courts, advancing fairness in health and in the workplace.   Ensure domestic tranquility: funding Interior, keeping the commerce  and economy of America running smoothly.   Providing for the common defense: paying our troops and diplomats and  keeping our homeland safe.   Promoting the general welfare: educating our children, keeping  workers paid, fighting the climate crisis, protecting the environment,  providing relief for families suffering from natural disasters.   Securing the blessings of liberty: including by helping resettle  Afghan refugees.   Madam Speaker, I thank the chair for the important language she  crafted in a bipartisan way in this legislation.   What is important about it right now is that it meets the needs of  people who are affected by Hurricane Ida across our country. That is  why it is hard to believe, from time to time, that our colleagues  cannot support something that helps the immediate needs of their  constituents at home.   When disaster strikes, it is clear in our country that we are there  for them. There is a social compact. Disaster strikes. We are there.  And this, in record time, has come out since Hurricane Ida. And so many  people affected--both in elective office and people affected by  elective office who have to deliver the services--have said this is the  fastest we have ever received relief.   Madam Speaker, I thank the chair and the ranking member for their  tremendous leadership in honoring the vision of our Founders and  meeting the needs of the American people; honor our commitment to the  Afghan evacuees who have come here, and in so many other ways; and, of  course, addressing the disaster assistance, Hurricane Ida and other  disaster assistance that is needed.   Again, it provides secure government funding through December 3,  providing an appropriate amount of time for Democrats and Republicans,  House and Senate, to address appropriations priorities in the regular  order process for fiscal year 2022.   Democrats are for the people, and we will fight to protect their  health, the national security, and their well-being. This legislation  does just that, especially in time of natural disaster, which is  especially important.   Madam Speaker, I once again commend the leadership on this, and I  urge a ``yes'' vote.   