 Madam Speaker, it is the honor of my life to walk into  the Capitol and onto this House floor to carry the voices and values of  the people of Illinois' 14th Congressional District to this hallowed  institution. The Capitol itself is the global symbol of democracy, and  the Congress that meets here is charged with upholding the very first  Article of our Constitution, written 233 years ago. The Capitol is  where democratically elected Americans from across the country convene  to represent their communities. It truly is--and must remain--the  People's House. Last week, the People's House was invaded by people who  committed acts of terror and desecrated this sacred space.   In the days since the January 6 attack on the Congress, hundreds of  concerned Illinoisans have reached out to my office to share messages  of disbelief that such an attack was plotted openly yet not prevented;  messages of anger at the violence and the hate that was on display that  day, and at the elected leaders who capitalized on those sentiments;  messages of fear for the fragility of our democracy. I also received  many messages of support and concern for the safety of myself and my  staff, which was a great comfort to us all, and for which we are  immensely grateful.   One of my constituents wrote to me about feeling ``disheartened,  deeply saddened, shocked, and angry'' about the events of January 6 and  all that led up to them, and another wrote about ``uncertainty and  fear.'' Another wrote simply that ``there are no words to describe my  horror.'' I, too, felt all of those emotions as I watched the attack  unfold just beyond my office, and moved heavy furniture to barricade my  office doors.   One constituent wrote to ask me a question: ``What will our future  look like if we continue to allow future U.S. leaders to lead and  support these types of attacks on our democracy?'' It's a question that  I am asking myself today, and that we are all here to answer: ``What  will our future look like?'' She wrote about the need for consequences,  not only as justice for the perpetrators of this attack, but also as a  message for posterity.   Over the past week, we in Congress have solemnly considered the most  appropriate response to the President's incitement of insurrection--an  attack that not only cost several people their lives, but also  threatened a cornerstone of our democracy: the peaceful transition of  power. It is our duty to ensure that the perpetrators are held  accountable, and that no historical sanctuary is granted to those who  have ignited this fire. We have had to face the ugly truth that this  attack was incited by a President seeking to violently overturn the  results of a democratic election and reject the will of the American  people.   That is why today, we must impeach this President. This is an act  toward preserving the integrity of our democracy. This is a message to  future Americans about who we are as a nation, and who we ought to be.   Each of us took an oath just days ago, pledging to uphold the United  States Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic. Today I  will fulfill that promise by voting in favor of the impeachment of  President Donald J. Trump.   