 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition today to moving the  previous question so that we can immediately consider H.R. 4698, a  critical bill to ensure none of the funds made available in any  legislation providing appropriations may be used to teach or advance  concepts that separate individuals based on race, color, or national  origin; that would assign characteristics or assumptions to individuals  based on race, color, or national origin; or that would state or imply  that the United States is an inherently racist country.   Critical race theory assumes that the tenets of freedom and equality,  upon which our country was founded, are simply a mirage to mask  systematic racism, and that our government should not provide any tax  money to fund its teaching. Critical race theory is Marxist ideology  that should not be taught anywhere or be used by anyone's tax dollars  to be spent on our veterans or our children in public schools today.   Critical race theory assumes that to be born White is to be born  guilty and to be born racist. And to be born Black is to be born  oppressed or to be born a victim. These concepts have begun to trickle  into our public schools, even though the vast majority of Americans  disavow it and reject it.   Nothing could be more un-American than seeking to divide our young  children based on factors outside of their control. You can watch many  school board meetings across the Nation right now where parents, Black  and White, are rejecting critical race theory.   The future leaders of our country must be encouraged to chart their  own path without seeing everything through a lens of race. Rather than  teaching our Black and Brown and African-American children that they  are  [[Page H3924]]  victims and they are oppressed, we can teach them that they are heroes.   We can teach them about heroes in our history like Harriet Tubman,  who saved 750 slaves, rescued them in one night in Beaufort County,  South Carolina; we can teach them about Robert Smalls, who commandeered  a Civil War ship during the Civil War and freed himself and everyone on  that ship and their families; and we can teach them about Joseph  Rainey, who was the first Black American elected to the U.S. House of  Representatives, who was elected from the State of South Carolina, as a  Republican, in fact, from South Carolina's First Congressional  District.   