 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the Federal Reserve Board of Governors  will soon be releasing a discussion paper on a potential U.S. central  bank digital currency. Additionally, the President's Working Group on  Financial Markets is expected to release a set of recommendations  relating to the supervision of stablecoins in the coming weeks. I want  to lay out my views on central bank digital currencies and stablecoins  in advance of these coming discussions.   Financial innovation has the potential to bring new prosperity to the  next generation of Americans, reduce systemic risk, and promote  inclusion for many who are, unfortunately, at the periphery of our  financial system. America's leadership in global financial services is  a heritage our country can rightly be proud of, but our country must  not become complacent, because this leadership is a privilege, not a  right.   I am supportive of the Federal Reserve Board's efforts to study how  central bank digital currency, or CBDC, may be appropriate in the  United States. I want to lay out what I believe are the key tenets of a  consumer-focused U.S. central bank digital currency, including factors  such as legitimate need, financial inclusion, programmability, privacy,  and avoiding systemic risk. My comments are only focused on a consumer- focused central bank digital currency, as an interbank or wholesale  central bank digital currency is a different proposition.   The first principle is legitimate need. A serious value proposition  must exist in order to move forward with a central bank digital  currency, one that cannot be reliably met by private-sector innovation.   It is important to note that the U.S. dollar is already digitized;  that is, it has been reduced to electronic form. Most Americans  predominantly use an electronic means of banking every day, and  interbank settlement also takes place through electronic channels.  These payment rails are generally electronic commercial bank money,  however. A CBDC would be central bank money, which represents a direct  claim on the Federal Reserve System.   So we must ask hard questions about whether there are other means of  accomplishing the goals of a central bank digital currency and identify  opportunities, risks, and costs.   The second is financial inclusion.   About 5.4 percent of households in the United States did not have a  bank account as of 2019, with a further 18.7-percent of the population  being underbanked. A CBDC should meaningfully reduce these statistics.  A CBDC also has the potential to reduce the cost of payments for both  depository institutions and consumers by removing existing frictions in  sending money.   The programmability of a CBDC will also likely promote financial  inclusion by giving consumers more control over their money, allowing  those from disadvantaged backgrounds access to the latest technology  features. This would allow consumers to automate the payment of bills,  assist with monthly budgeting, reduce or eliminate overdraft fees, and  most importantly, allow hard-working Americans to receive their  paychecks earlier.   Some additional factors that must be considered as part of the  inclusion are the reduction or elimination of minimum balance  requirements, ease of access to a CBDC, and convertibility into  physical cash.   Third is the concept of programmability. Money represents value, but  it is not programmable today.   Programmability, at its core, is the technological means to specify  the automated behavior or control logic of money in a manner that is  tied to the actual value itself. Programmability focuses on the  characteristics of money, including the identity of the owner, the  amount of money being transferred, and the conditions under which the  outside world can interact with that money.   A CBDC should contain robust programmability, allowing users to  easily specify conditions with respect to that money, such as interest  payments; payment versus payment, which is ``I only pay you if you pay  me''; delivery versus payment, which is ``I give you a security or a  commodity only if you pay me''; escrow, or preventing your child from  buying ice cream except on Fridays; and, of course, avoiding overdraft  fees.   A central bank digital currency should also be future-proofed, with a  core code that can be adapted to fully meet future demands and which  also contains room for value-added services built upon the CBDC  architecture.   Fourth is the critical role of privacy. A CBDC must have the same  level of privacy as physical cash today. Appropriate transactional  anonymity is a public good. Americans must have confidence that a  central bank digital currency is not being used for surveillance and  that their personal financial data is either not being collected or is  subject to rigorous technological and legal controls, including the  Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. We cannot allow a CBDC to  become a panopticon, or an all-seeing eye, as will soon be the case  with China's central bank digital currency.   Fifth is avoiding systemic risk and disruption. A CBDC should not  create systemic risk or undue disruption to the U.S. economy.  Transitional arrangements for a CBDC may be necessary, and physical  cash must remain legal tender as long as Americans desire it, with  Congress's having the final say on the future of physical cash.   These are the five principles that I consider essential to any  central bank digital currency proposal. Congress must have the ultimate  say on whether the United States adopts a central bank digital  currency. I encourage my colleagues to think deeply about these issues  and to develop their own rubric for the future of money.   Finally, I want to say a few words about stablecoins in advance of  the President's working group report that will be coming out shortly.  [[Page S6758]]    Stablecoins are a claim on commercial bank money or Treasurys or  other securities that are freely tradeable on a distributed ledger or  blockchain and that are intended to be redeemable at par for the U.S.  dollar. Stablecoins are highly liquid and have higher monetary velocity  than other forms of the U.S. dollar. Stablecoins also enable faster  payments between individuals and businesses than are possible today.   For these reasons, stablecoins are a very important private-sector  innovation that have the potential to promote financial inclusion and  new market opportunities. However, stablecoins also present certain  novel risks to the U.S. economy.   In particular, stablecoins must be 100 percent backed by cash and  cash equivalents, and this should be audited regularly.   I am concerned that some stablecoins are not always fully backed by  appropriate assets in a transparent manner. I am also concerned that  some stablecoin designs could become a silo for high-quality liquid  assets, including Treasurys, which have an important and independent  role as collateral in capital markets.   Additionally, stablecoin issuers should comply with anti-money  laundering and sanctions law and should exhibit a high degree of  resiliency. This includes operational risk, cybersecurity and  liquidity, and redemption management, consistent with the Federal  Reserve's payment system risk policy.   Some issuers of stablecoins and stablecoin-like instruments,  including Paxos and Avanti Bank and Trust, are already inside the  regulatory parameter. Properly supervised, stablecoins are not  tantamount to the so-called ``wildcat banks'' of the 19th century. It  may be the case that stablecoins should only be issued by depository  institutions or through money market funds or similar vehicles.   We must do more to ensure stablecoins are subject to right-sized  regulations and supervision. But, at the same time, we must ensure that  these rules enable innovation that can make payments faster, cheaper,  and more inclusive. Properly supervised, stablecoins have an important  role to play moving forward.   I look forward to continuing the conversation around financial  innovation that we began a few months ago as we consider the future of  money in our country.   I yield the floor.   