 Mr. President, as chair of the Rules Committee, I  implore my colleagues to vote for this Commission.   On January 6, we all walked over that broken glass. We all saw the  spray paint on the wall. We all stood huddled together in shelter, and  most of us--most of us, the vast majority of us, Democrats and  Republicans--voted to uphold our democracy that night late into the  evening.   But it doesn't end there. I give to you the words of slain officer  Brian Sicknick's mother. An ordinary woman, who never has been involved  in politics, she is now forced to do extraordinary things and lobby  Members of this body to simply get to the truth. She said this: ``Not  having a January 6 Commission to look into exactly what occurred is a  slap in the faces of all the officers who did their jobs that day.''  [[Page S3927]]    For months, national security experts have called for a bipartisan  Commission. Yesterday, the Department of Homeland Security former  Secretaries from the Bush and Obama administrations--Chertoff, Ridge,  Napolitano, Johnson--all called for this Commission.   This Commission is modeled exactly after the gold standard of  investigations and recommendations--the 9/11 Commission. It is modeled  in the words of how the staff is chosen. It is modeled in the words of  getting to the bottom of something and getting something done.   But yet, so many of our colleagues, sadly, on the other side of the  aisle are refusing to move on this.   Colleagues, we owe it to the heroic Capitol Police, to the first  responders, to the staff members who sat in closets for hours and hours  and hours, to the police officer who was called the ``n'' word 15 times  and then sat in the Rotunda and looked at another officer and said: Is  this America? We owe it to them that put themselves in harm's way to  protect the Capitol and the sacred democratic process. Inaction is not  an option   And, no, the report we are doing that I am so proud of, with Senator  Peters and Senator Portman and Senator Blunt, which will come out  shortly, is about an immediate response and bills we have to pass and  things we have to do and mistakes that were made. It is an important  report, and we are proud of our work, but it is no substitute for an 9/ 11-style Commission, and I implore our colleagues to vote with us to  get this done.   I yield the floor.   