 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business,  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of Calendar No. 6, S. Res. 70.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to  and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table  with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 422, which was introduced  earlier today.    I further ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a  third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 74, submitted earlier today.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to,  the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 75, submitted earlier today.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to,  the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 11 a.m.,  Thursday, February 25th; further, that following the prayer and pledge,  the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be  approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their  use later in the day, and the Senate be in a period of morning  business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes  each; that at 12 noon, the Senate proceed to executive session to  resume consideration of the Granholm nomination; that there be up to 10  minutes for debate, equally divided in the usual form; and that upon  the use or yielding back of time, all postcloture time be considered  expired and the Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination; that if  the nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate and  the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action; finally,  notwithstanding rule XXII, the cloture vote on the Cardona nomination  occur at 1:30 p.m.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of Senators Lankford  and Portman.   