 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairmen for their  leadership, vision, and work on this bill.   It must be our priority to ensure needed infrastructure investments  promote equity to help address the myriad environmental injustices  experienced by minority, Tribal, and low-income communities.   For this reason, I was happy to join forces with the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Crow) to offer an amendment which ensures underserved and  disadvantaged communities are not left behind as we make the electric  vehicle transition.   I also want to thank Chairman DeFazio for the strong equity-focused  investments in this package, such as the new reduced fare for the low- income riders demonstration grant program and changes to the transit  formula to require transit agencies to better serve transit-dependent  populations.   I am pleased that my amendment to this package, which would increase  the funding set-aside for low- and moderate-income communities under  the Zero Emission Bus Grant Program, is included.   Finally, providing equitable access to electric charging  infrastructure and substantial public transit funding helps build  equity into our Nation's transportation options and will help address  the climate hazards that must remain a priority for this administration  and Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the body to support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the  Invest in America Act. I thank Chairman DeFazio and Chairman Pallone,  among others, for their outstanding work in getting this bill to the  floor.   I appreciate their support for my amendments to this bill.   On the water portion of this bill, my three amendments attempt to:   (1) spur innovation to help address storm water challenges   (2) link efforts to remove lead pipes to creating jobs for low-income  and very low-income individuals where these projects take place, and   (3) strengthen an existing water workforce development program.   I have spoken directly to both Chairman DeFazio and Chairman Pallone  about the need to link investments in water infrastructure to jobs for  those in affected communities, especially for underserved communities.  So I am excited to have their support, both through provisions  including in the underlying bill, and for my amendments.   Every $1 billion invested in water infrastructure creates or sustains  approximately 28,000 American jobs. I want to make sure that those in  communities where these projects take place directly benefit from this  job creation.   Likewise, the new regional stormwater centers of excellence will help  support research into new and emerging technologies that can help to  meet stormwater needs in our communities, such as stopping sewer  overflows.   I thank both Chairs for working with me on these amendments and their  inclusion in this strong bill and urge my colleagues to vote for this  measure.   