 Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Committees on  the Judiciary, on Homeland Security, on the Budget, and as the Member  of Congress for a congressional district that has experienced the worst  of the COVID-19 as a public health emergency and economic catastrophe,  I rise in strong support of H.R. 1319, the ``American Rescue Plan Act  of 2021,'' which provides $1.9 trillion to take immediate and decisive  action to crush the virus and vaccinate our people, build the economy  back better, reopen schools, and provide needed support and assistance  to state and local governments that have been asked to do too much with  too little for far too long.   Mr. Speaker, by an overwhelming margin (72 percent), the public wants  and is demanding that we act to provide more economic relief to address  the damage caused by the coronavirus pandemic.   Nearly two-thirds (65 percent) of Republicans and Republican-leaning  independents believe an additional relief package is necessary, while  more than nine in ten (92 percent) Democrats and Democratic leaners say  more coronavirus aid will be needed.   Even the most conservative Republicans favor more relief by a 56  percent-44 percent margin.   Nearly nine-in-ten of all adults (88 percent) in lower-income  households say an additional package is necessary, while 81 percent of  Republicans in lower-income households (81 percent) say additional aid  is needed now.   The American Rescue Plan Act delivers that aid and does it in a way  that will crush the coronavirus and build the economy back better.   The American Rescue Plan Act will put children safely back in schools  with a strong $170 billion investment and putting money in workers'  pockets by raising the federal minimum wage.   The American Rescue Plan Act will put food on the table, by expanding  the SNAP program and respecting Black family farmers.   The American Rescue Plan Act will put people back to work by  prioritizing funding for transit, airlines and airports, and the  disaster relief fund.   The American Rescue Plan Act will put small businesses back on track  with robust funding for EIDL and restaurant grants, additional funding  for shuttered live venues and expanded PPP eligibility for nonprofits.   The American Rescue Plan Act will put a priority on protecting  renters and homeowners, preventing homelessness, and providing $10  billion for the Defense Production Act to procure essential medical  supplies and equipment.   The American Rescue Plan Act will put money in people's pockets, with  direct payments, Unemployment Insurance, Child Tax Credit, the Earned  Income Tax Credit, and includes pension security and expanded  Affordable Care Act coverage.   The American Rescue Plan Act will provide $17 billion in critical  funding to help the VA meet the health and economic security of  veterans, especially as it relates to the benefits claims and appeals  backlog caused by COVID-19.   The American Rescue Plan Act will produce and distribute the vaccine  to test, treat and protect all Americans, including communities of  color.   The American Rescue Plan Act will provides desperately needed funding  for our heroes--health care workers, first responders, sanitation,  transportation and food workers, and teachers--in states, localities,  tribes, and territories.   Finally, and very importantly, the American Rescue Plan Act  establishes the Coronavirus Local Fiscal Recovery Fund and provides  $45.570 billion the legislation provides in direct funding to major  metropolitan cities and local governments.   In my home state of Texas, metropolitan cities are estimated to  receive $10.327 billion in direct coronavirus relief funding, while the  state of Texas is slated to receive $16.824 billion, for an estimated  $27.152 billion total to the state of Texas.   During the Budget Committee markup, I proposed, and the Committee  agreed that any effort to strip or reduce this vital funding is to be  rejected so major metropolitan cities, like Houston, receive the direct  COVID-19 relief funding desperately needed to battle the coronavirus,  restore critical services to struggling families, and help save the  jobs of essential public servants like teachers, firefighters, and  other first responders.   Let me discuss briefly why direct funding to major metropolitan  cities and counties is so critical.   The purpose of providing for direct payment to major metropolitan  cities like Houston and counties like Harris County, as opposed to the  County having to receive an allocation from the State, is so that the  local governments, who are in the best position to identify and  respond, will be able to tailor the funding to meet the urgent needs of  their communities.   For example, under the direct payment provisions in the CARES Act,  Harris County received more federal funding relative to the amount that  would have been received through the State program and had the  flexibility needed for more efficient use of this funding, which was a  concern voiced even by State leaders over the restrictive way that the  State of Texas distributed CARES Act funding.   By directly allocating funding to metropolitan cities and areas like  Houston and Harris County, local authorities were and can work with the  community to determine the specific needs of Harris County residents.   As a result, Harris County Commissioners Court approved, for example,  the following programs to directly address community needs, and to get  money into the hands of residents quickly:   1. Commissioners Court funded Community Programs   2. Census Services   3. Childcare Assistance Program   4. Court Evictions Services   5. COVID 19 Workforce Development Program   6. Direct Assistance Programs   7. Domestic Violence Assistance Fund   8. Rental Assistance Programs   9. Small Business Loan Program (LEAP)   10. Small Business Relief Fund   11. Small Cities Support   12. Student Digital Services   13. UT Health Community Spread Survey Program   Without direct payments to major metropolitan cities, state  governments--as we saw here in Texas--would not have permitted CARES  Act funding to be used to create or support any of these programs.   In addition, without direct payments to major metropolitan cities and  government units, states invariably will succumb to the temptation to  place onerous conditions on funding over and above those required by  the Federal government.   For example, in Texas, only $55 per capita was allocated to non- direct allocation entities, instead of the $174.49 per capita that was  allocated to them by Congress.   Additionally, only 20 percent of the allocation made available  immediately to local entities instead of making 100 percent of the  allocation available immediately.   Third, direct funding is necessary to prevent state governments from  creating specific categories limiting eligibility for medical expenses,  public health expenses, payroll expenses for employees in the fields of  public safety, public health, health care, human services, or whose  services are substantially dedicated to mitigating or responding to the  COVID-19 public health emergency.   Without direct payments to major metropolitan cities, state  governments, again as we have seen in Texas, will limit recovery for  expenditures to support actions to facilitate compliance with COVID-19  related public health measures or associated with the provision of  economic support in connection with the COVID-19, or other COVID-19  related expenses reasonably necessary to the function of government  that satisfy the fund's eligibility criteria.   I would urge my Republican colleagues to heed the words of Republican  Governor Jim Justice of West Virginia who said colorfully just a few  days ago, ``At this point in time in this nation, we need to go big. We  need to quit counting the egg-sucking legs on the cows and count the  cows and just move. And move forward and move right now.''   The same sentiment was expressed more eloquently by Abraham Lincoln  in 1862 when he memorably wrote:   The dogmas of the quiet past are inadequate to the stormy present.  The occasion is piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with the  occasion. As our case is new, so we must think anew and act anew. We  must disenthrall ourselves, and then we shall save our country.   Mr. Speaker, the bipartisan action we took last December was a step  in the right direction but only a long-delayed down payment; we cannot  afford any more delays, especially since Republican stalling already  caused a painful lapse in critical unemployment assistance last year,  and additional unemployment assistance is set to expire on March 14,  2021.   That is why the American Rescue Plan Act is absolutely crucial and  the right thing to do and to do right now.   The American Rescue Plan Act proposed by President Biden, takes a  multiprong approach to tackling the public health and economic crises  stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic.   No one is better prepared or more experienced to lead the American  rescue that President Biden, who as Vice-President oversaw  [[Page H851]]  the implementation of the Recovery Act, which saved millions of jobs  and rescued our economy from the Great Recession the Obama  Administration and the nation inherited from a previous Republican  administration.   And let us not forget that President Obama also placed his confidence  in his vice-president to oversee the rescue of the automotive industry,  which he did so well that the American car industry fully recovered its  status as the world leader.    Mr. Speaker, to crush the virus and safely reopen schools, the  American Rescue Plan Act will mount a national vaccination program that  includes setting up community vaccination sites nationwide and makes  the investments necessary to safely reopen schools.   It will also take complementary measures to combat the virus,  including scaling up testing and tracing, addressing shortages of  personal protective equipment and other critical supplies, investing in  high-quality treatments, and addressing health care disparities.   The American Rescue Plan Act delivers immediate relief to working I  families bearing the brunt of the crisis by providing $1,400 per person  in direct cash assistance to households across America, bringing the  total (including the $600 down payment enacted in December) to $2,000.   Additionally, the plan will also provide direct housing and nutrition  assistance to families struggling to get by, expand access to safe and  reliable child care and affordable health care, extend and expand  unemployment insurance so American workers can pay their bills, and  give families with children as well as childless workers a boost  through enhanced tax credits.   Mr. Speaker, the American Rescue Plan Act provides much needed  support for communities struggling with the economic fallout, including  hard-hit small businesses, especially those owned by entrepreneurs from  racial and ethnic backgrounds that have experienced systemic  discrimination.   Finally, the plan also provides crucial resources to protect the jobs  of first responders, frontline public health workers, teachers, transit  workers, and other essential workers that all Americans depend on.   Mr. Speaker, the COVID-19 pandemic, as did the videos of the  unjustified killings of George Floyd, Breanna Taylor, Ahmed Arbrey, and  so many others, laid bare for the nation to see the stark racial and  ethnic inequalities exacerbated by the virus.   In my home state of Texas, as of the end of September 2020, there  have been more than 760,000 cases of COVID-19 and 16,000 deaths.   According to the Texas Department of State Health Care Services, 70  percent of the confirmed fatalities were people of color.   In Texas, COVID-19 mortality rates are 30 percent higher for African  Americans and 80 percent higher for Hispanics overall.   The differences become much larger when accounting for age; for  example, in the 25 to 44-year-old age group, African American mortality  rates are more than four times higher than White rates, and the  Hispanic rates are more than seven times higher.   One factor in Hispanic and African American populations being more  likely to contract COVID-19 is employment in occupations associated  with public contact and that cannot be done remotely.   The sad fact is that most workers in these occupations are less able  to be absent from their job or to have paid time off.   In Texas, people of color are more than 40 percent of cashiers,  retail salespersons, child care workers, licensed practical nurses,  more than 50 percent of bus drivers and transit workers, medical and  nursing assistants, personal care aides, and home health aides, and  more than 60 percent of building cleaners and housekeepers.   In addition, Hispanic and African American populations in Texas are  less likely to have health insurance and to have a regular health care  provider, so less likely to seek or receive early care for symptoms,  especially in the first months of the epidemic.   And African American and Hispanic populations are also more likely to  have an underlying health condition that makes them more vulnerable to  the effects of COVID-19.   To respond and mitigate the devastation wrought by COVID-19 on  Americans, and especially marginal and vulnerable communities of color,  I have introduced H.R. 330, the ``Delivering COVID-19 Vaccinations to  All Regions and Vulnerable Communities Act'' or ``COVID-19 Delivery  Act,'' which I invite all Members to join as sponsors.   Under the COVID-19 Delivery Act, FEMA will be authorized and directed  to lead the effort for vaccine delivery from the receipt from  manufacturing facilities to delivery to designated inoculation sites  (hospital, clinic, doctors' offices, school, places of worship,  community centers, parks, or neighborhood gathering locations.   The legislation directs FEMA to develop and deploy a fully staffed  and resourced 24-7 advanced real-time tracking system that allows FEMA  to monitor shipments of vaccine units that can provide end-to-end  transparency on the temperature, real-time location, origin, and  destination data, anticipated time of arrival, and report on changes  and update recipients on the progress of their delivery and report on  changes that may impact expected delivery or the viability of the  vaccine while in transit.   FEMA will provide an advanced communication system that allows public  health departments to communicate their vaccine readiness, capability  of receiving vaccines, delivery locations, details of facility  capability of storing, securing, personnel authorized to receive  deliveries, logistics for delivering vaccines to patients, report on  vaccine receipts, condition of vaccines, patient reactions, feedback on  how to improve the process.   H.R. 330 authorizes FEMA to secure transportation for delivery or use  of vaccines, and, when requested, security for the vaccine delivery  sites or inoculation locations to ensure the life and safety of  personnel and patients who seek to provide or receive vaccinations are  free of interference or threat.   Finally, the COVID-19 Delivery Act directs FEMA to conduct public  education and patient engagement through the provision of inoculations  of persons in areas and locations where vulnerable populations are  under performing in getting vaccinations.   Mr. Speaker, I see the disparities in the lives of so many of my  constituents who suffer disproportionately from medical conditions that  make COVID-19 deadly.   They work low wage or no wage jobs to make ends meet, and they have  no health insurance and rely on community health centers or public  health services for routine care.   I call them friends and neighbors because they are that to me.   No one is benefiting from the COVID-19 economy.   The U.S. poverty rate has grown at a historic rate over the past five  months, with 7.8 million Americans falling into poverty after the  expanded $600 a week in unemployment assistance expired at the end of  July.   This represents the greatest increase since the government began  tracking poverty sixty years ago.   In the city of Houston, nine key service sectors, accounting for 70  percent of all jobs, hemorrhaged more 1,343,600 jobs, which to average  folks is another way of saying that more than 1.34 million persons lost  their livelihoods.   Houston workers lost jobs in the following areas:   Healthcare: 391,000; Retail: 393,600; Food services: 267,000;  Finance: 166,000; Private Education: 63,400; Arts and Entertainment:  37,400; Accommodations: 28,700; Air Transportation: 20,200; Other  Services: 115,800.   In addition to these positions, jobs were also lost in other areas,  the largest of which was the construction industry, which shut down  30,700 jobs.   Professional and business services followed, with 25,300 jobs lost,  although 13,900 were in temporary and provisional jobs in employment  services; upstream oil lost 12,300 in March/April; and non-oil  manufacturing lost 7,700 jobs.   Americans out of work due to COVID-19 have generated 86 million  jobless claims, with new claims being filed in recent weeks topping  800,000.   Millions of Americans who lost their jobs during the pandemic have  fallen thousands of dollars behind on rent and utility bills, a clear  warning sign that people are running out of money for basic needs.   If this is not enough evidence of what is happening just look at the  miles of vehicles lined up outside of food distribution centers for  assistance, we see nightly on our television screens and in our  communities.   Moody's Analytics warned in November 2020 that 9 million renters said  they were behind on rent, according to a Census Bureau survey.   The Bureau of the Census reports that twenty-one percent of all  renters are behind on their rent, of which twenty-nine percent are  African American families and seventeen percent are Hispanic  households.   According to the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia's analysis of  persons who were employed prior to the pandemic, 1.3 million of these  households are now, on average of $5,400 in debt on rent and utilities,  after the family breadwinners lost their jobs.   The new COVID-19 relief legislation passed last week by Congress, and  reluctantly but finally signed by President Trump restores unemployment  assistance, but cuts that assistance from $600 a week to $300 a week  without consideration of the facts on the ground, which are that  millions of Americans remain out of work due to COVID-19 public health  policy, and have been without sufficient income since August 1, 2020.   The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reported that as  of February 23, 2021, 28.3 million cases of COVID-19, resulting in more  than 503,000 deaths, had been reported in the United States.  [[Page H852]]    What the costs will be to our nation from this destruction of lives  and livelihoods have yet to be fully calculated.   It is a tragedy that too many households who have lost a member to  COVID-19 are struggling to accept these deaths, but it is also the  friends, co-workers, business owners, professionals, students,  teachers, wives, husbands, brothers, sisters, aunts, cousins, and  grandparents who also are feeling these losses because someone that  mattered to them is no longer here.   Each of these lives impacted dozens of other lives, too many of whom  were not allowed to be present with them during their final moments on  this earth, but whose suffering is too often overlooked because we  unduly preoccupy ourselves with only the immediate family.   I strongly support H.R. 1319, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021  and urge all Members to join me in voting for its passage.   