 Mr. President, first, let me thank my good friend and  the leader of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Chairman Warner, for  paving the way for this legislation. He cares deeply about our  country's response to these terrible cyber attacks and intrusions, and  I am so grateful for his leadership and for his working with me to  [[Page S5034]]  produce the Cyber Incident Notification Act of 2021.   As the chairman has mentioned, this is a bipartisan bill that is  broadly supported. It would strengthen our response to cyber attacks  and, thus, help to prevent future cyber intrusions. It would require  government Agencies, Federal contractors, and critical infrastructure  entities, which are overwhelmingly owned and operated by the private  sector and other important sectors, to notify the U.S. Government if  they become the victims of a significant cyber attack or intrusion.   This effort is a direct outgrowth of our work on the Senate  Intelligence Committee and reflects our longstanding concern regarding  the lack of timely notification of cyber attacks that can lead to  extremely serious consequences for our economy, for our national  security, and for our individual privacy.   In September of 2019, for example, Russian hackers gained access to  the SolarWinds' software. This resulted in a supply chain compromise  that was downloaded by up to 18,000 of its customers. These hackers  then conducted follow-on operations that compromised 9 Federal Agencies  and 100 private-sector networks.   We did not become aware of this hack until more than a year later and  only then because a cybersecurity firm called FireEye voluntarily  notified the Federal Government and the public.   Just to reiterate that important point, FireEye was under no legal  obligation whatsoever to tell us that the software had been  compromised, even though it affected nine Federal Agencies. We are  grateful that FireEye told us about this hack, but the fact that  companies are not mandated to do so leaves our economy and national  security vulnerable to future attacks and lessens our ability to  respond effectively when such intrusions do occur.   Where would we be right now if FireEye had not voluntarily disclosed  the intrusion? Would the Russians' operation still be ongoing? How much  sooner would we have become aware of these Russian cyber operations if  key sectors were required to report cyber incidents to the U.S.  Government?   As the Senator from Virginia very kindly and generously noted, I have  long been concerned about this problem and focused on it.   In 2012, when I was the ranking member of the Senate Homeland  Security Committee, I joined with my chairman and dear friend former  Senator Joe Lieberman of Connecticut in introducing a bill called the  Cybersecurity Act of 2012. That bill would have, among other things,  addressed this gap in cyber incident reporting. Unfortunately, our bill  did not become law. How much more prepared we would be today if it had  been enacted.   My 2012 bill would have led to improved information sharing between  the private sector and the Federal Government that likely would have  reduced the impact of cyber incidents on both the government and the  private sector. Having a clear view of the dangers the Nation faces  from cyber attacks is necessary to enable both the public and the  private sector to mitigate and reduce the threat. We have just recently  seen the impact of an attack on a major pipeline. Just think what the  consequences would be of an attack that crippled our electric grid.   What we are proposing in the Cyber Incident Notification Act is  common sense and long overdue. Our bill recognizes the additional  burden that this reporting requirement places on parts of the private  sector, and so it, therefore, provides additional liability protection  for companies reporting cyber incidents and requires the government to  harmonize these new mandates with any existing reporting requirements  to help avoid duplication.   The bill also requires the government to produce analytic updates for  the government and industry practitioners regularly so that they are  aware of cyber incidents taking place and targeting their sectors. This  should be a two-way street of the exchange of information.   Let us not delay any longer in passing a robust cyber incident  notification requirement. Failure to pass this bill will only give our  adversaries more opportunity to gather intelligence on our government,  to steal intellectual property from our companies, to compromise our  personal privacy, and, most of all, to harm our critical  infrastructure.   Again, my thanks to the Senator from Virginia, the chairman of the  Intelligence Committee, for his hard work on this bill. Let's get the  job done.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   