 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am excited to announce the founding of  the Senate Financial Innovation Caucus with my friend and cochair, the  Senator from Arizona. I am delighted that you also have joined our  caucus. We are grateful for your participation and look forward to  working with you.   One of my top priorities and a legacy I hope to leave in this Chamber  is to ensure the United States remains a global leader in financial  services for future generations.   The U.S. dollar is the world's unquestioned reserve currency. Since  the Second World War, this leadership role has given our country  enormous advantages, including affordable credit and trade finance.  China is not hiding its ambition to knock the U.S. dollar down a peg by  offering a competitor payment system that sidesteps the United States.   This year, the Chinese Government launched a pilot program for their  digital yuan in multiple cities around China. They expect to completely  release the central bank digital currency at the 2022 Winter Olympics.   A video released by China state-controlled media in December of 2020  openly stated that the digital yuan will allow China to ``actively  participate in reforming world economic governance'' and is ``one of  the building blocks of China's move toward world market status and  greater involvement in setting the framework of the global economy.''   China does not share the same values as our country relating to fair  competition. This chilling reality is one of the many reasons the  United States must advance financial innovation and do so now. China is  serious about the future. Chinese President Xi stated in 2018 that  financial innovation is ``the new industrial revolution.''   In another part of the world, digital assets are protecting many  Venezuelans during their current economic crisis and ensuring corrupt  government officials cannot seize or devalue their hard-earned savings.  The U.S. Government is also using digital assets to achieve its foreign  policy objectives and to provide humanitarian aid to Venezuelan groups  faster than traditional channels.   We must work hard today to ensure the next generation of Americans  can enjoy the opportunity and prosperity made possible by responsible  innovation. Failure to do so could have astronomical impacts on the  freedoms and privileges that are essential to the American dream.   I have been encouraged by early signs from the Biden administration  that they understand the existential threat of China and the promise of  financial innovation. China's moves alone should create a sense of  urgency in this Chamber to take action.   But it is not just a threat from China that should motivate us. In  addition to  [[Page S3481]]  protecting the U.S. position as the world leader in the financial  system, proper regulations for financial innovation will have lasting  effects in the financial industry in several ways, notably financial  inclusion and entrepreneurship because financial innovation encompasses  topics as diverse as faster payment and equities settlement, central  bank digital currencies, financial inclusion, digital assets,  distributed ledger technology, consumer protection, artificial  intelligence, and machine learning. This area has remained bipartisan,  following in the tradition of many other financial service issues.   The Financial Innovation Caucus is rigorously committed to the  tradition of bipartisanship and will create a lasting legacy by doing  so. Innovation is core to the American identity, and innovation isn't  confined to one party. Our job here is to create a framework that  allows innovation to take root. Regulatory certainty fosters  entrepreneurial innovation. A lack of regulatory clarity, on the flip  side, strangles regulation, restrains entrepreneurship.   In many cases, financial innovators are simply hungry to know the  rules of the road and how they fit into existing law. We need a right- sized regulatory framework for financial technology that both enables  new market opportunities and emphasizes consumer protection. The  innovator too often loses when competing against business giants with  lobbying arms. Together, we can craft regulations that foster  innovation, not stifle or unnecessarily direct it.   We also need a new consumer protection framework for emerging tech,  which promotes access and innovation but ensures appropriate guardrails  are in place.   Innovators are the lifeblood of America. Each new idea strengthens  our future. Innovators have done hard work in coming up with ideas  which will bring underserved populations into the financial system,  reduce systemic risk, and strengthen our competitive nature on the  global stage.   Yet there is only so much innovators can accomplish due to our maze  of financial regulations. American innovators need clear rules of the  road so they can responsibly turn innovation into reality. It is our  obligation as government officials to create a framework that clearly  enables responsible innovation rather than stifling it. We must do a  great deal more in the coming years to clarify and modernize our  financial laws.   Citibank, Goldman Sachs, Avanti Bank and Trust, State Street,  Deutsche Bank, Kraken, and other large financial institutions are now  doing much more than dipping their toes into this realm. They are  diving into the financial technology and digital asset markets.  Financial innovation is here to stay. Younger generations are turning  to and prioritizing technology for their investments.   In February, CNBC reported that there may be as many as 100,000  millionaires from the appreciation of digital assets like Bitcoin.  These technologies, if harnessed wisely, see no color, no creed, and no  sex   But financial innovation is not limited to regulating digital assets.  This caucus will also focus on issues like faster payments, including a  U.S. central bank digital currency and FedNow, which have real  potential to allow all Americans to receive their paychecks instantly.   The lack of real-time payments costs disadvantaged Americans millions  in overdraft fees each year and would reduce many Americans' reliance  on high-interest loans. It also traps large amounts of capital for  companies, which could be deployed more productively. Tackling these  issues will help bring millions of unbanked or underbanked Americans  into our financial system.   In Wyoming, we live by the doctrine that you have to pull yourself up  by your bootstraps. What you earn is a direct result of your hard work.  All Americans should have access to their hard-earned money and  investments whenever they would like. We can and should use innovation  technologies to reduce settlement times in our payment networks and  capital markets and to reduce systemic risk and improve transparency.   Threats to the world economic system, coupled with the benefits  financial innovation can create, is why, today, alongside many of my  colleagues from both parties, we are founding the Senate Financial  Innovation Caucus. The caucus is a bipartisan group committed to  promoting responsible innovation to help the U.S. financial industry  truly meet 21st century challenges of a globally interconnected economy  and to harvest technology to make markets more inclusive, vibrant, and  safe for all Americans. After all, our financial innovation is critical  in our pursuit to ensure equal access to financial institutions and  opportunities.   It is my hope that the work done by the Financial Innovation Caucus  will deliver comprehensive legislation to clarify, regulate, and  protect America's edge in the financial industry when it comes to  innovation. We live in a digital world. Technology is now engrained in  our everyday lives. Our lives should reflect this shift and should not  hinder innovation. Only together can we secure the U.S. role in the  future of finance. So let's go to work.   I yield the floor.   