 Madam Speaker, I appreciate Dr. Foxx's strong leadership  of the committee and on this important issue.   According to CDC estimates, at least one in three Americans has  experienced sexual violence, physical violence, or stalking by a  partner. For decades, Congress has worked in a bipartisan fashion to  dedicate resources toward preventing and healing the suffering of these  victims.   But today, the bill we are considering, H.R. 2119, the Family  Violence and Prevention Services Improvement Act, includes several  highly concerning provisions.   First, this bill opens the door for entities to spend taxpayer  dollars on abortions.   Secondly, it forces an unnecessary conversation about sexual  orientation and gender identity when these issues have never been a  part of this bill before and should not be a barrier between people and  the services they need.   Our focus must be on supporting survivors and those who use these  vital resources. That is why my substitute amendment replaces the full  text of the bill before us with multiple key provisions to ensure  victims of domestic violence and their dependents receive critical  assistance to help them in their time of crisis.   First, my amendment reauthorizes the current Family Violence  Prevention and Services Act, FVPSA, for the next 5 years, ensuring that  victims of domestic violence get the lifesaving, supportive services  they need.   FVPSA was enacted to save innocent lives, not put them in harm's way.  That is why my amendment also rejects a change included in the  Democrats' proposal that could lead to violence prevention dollars  going to support abortion services. The amendment makes clear that  Federal law should not support abortions. Upholding the sanctity of  every human life is of utmost importance, and it is critical to ensure  that no taxpayer dollars pay for abortions.   Next, my amendment also protects the ability of faith-based  organizations to continue helping victims of domestic violence.  Countless religious organizations work tirelessly to help protect  victims of domestic violence, but the Democrats' radical abortion  agenda risks denying victims' access to these providers.   Finally, my amendment brings much-needed transparency and Federal  agency accountability to the programs authorized under this law.  Congress should have safeguards in place to ensure that these resources  are going to the people who truly need them and not being used to push  a hidden agenda without the public's knowledge.   The Republican substitute is a carefully crafted set of reforms that  puts victims of family violence and the people who serve them first.  Furthermore, it is a pro-life amendment strongly opposed by Planned  Parenthood.   I urge my colleagues to reject the other side's bill and instead  embrace the commonsense, lifesaving provisions included in the  Republican substitute amendment.   