 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 239, the  Equal Access to Contraception for Veterans Act.   Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman and Ranking Member Bost for their  support. This bill is a simple one. It only addresses the disparity  between veterans who must pay for contraception, and civilians and  women currently serving in uniform, who do not have to pay for  contraception.   As the chairwoman of the Women's Veterans Task Force and chair of the  House Veterans' Affairs Subcommittee on Health, I have worked to  identify disparities in healthcare for our women veterans, and where  necessary, introduce, advocate for, and pass legislation that  eliminates those gaps.   Madam Speaker, I was proud to work with my Republican colleagues to  pass the bipartisan Deborah Sampson Act last Congress. This  legislation, which was the most comprehensive bill to address the needs  of women veterans in more than a decade, received overwhelming  bipartisan support. But there are still far too many areas where women  veterans have to pay more for their healthcare than men; and in this  case, they have to pay more than nonveteran women.   These inequities create an environment that perpetuates the notion  that women are not equal to men, and in this case, veteran women are  not even equal to other women. This bill passed through the House last  Congress by voice vote. It also passed out of the VA Committee this  Congress with strong bipartisan support.   It was deeply troubling that misinformation and politics got in the  way of helping our women veterans last week, when the bill failed to  pass under suspension, which is why we are back here again this week.   Let us be clear, this was a direct slap in the face to nearly 2  million women veterans living in the United States. Because of the  Affordable Care Act, women using civilian health insurance may access  basic contraceptive services, like the pill, or an IUD without any  copay. Additionally, Active Duty servicemembers receive contraceptive  care without any copays. So current law is specifically penalizing our  women veterans. As we know, choosing when, or if, to have a family is  essential to women's health and to their economic security.   Madam Speaker, 87 percent of Americans agree that everyone deserves  access to the full range of birth control methods, no matter who they  are, where they live, what their economic status is. The vast majority  of the American people believe veteran women deserve to be recognized  and deserve to be treated with the respect they have earned. The vast  majority of the American people also believe that birth control should  be a basic part of women's healthcare.   I am particularly disappointed that this bipartisan commitment to  supporting our women veterans seems to have hit a roadblock this  Congress. Our veterans, both men and women, have sacrificed so much for  our country. It is past time that we ensure they get the equitable  healthcare they have earned and deserve.   Let us do the right thing today on behalf of our women veterans, for  their equality, for their liberty, for their healthcare, and for their  economic security.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 239.   