 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 5665.  Bringing this bill to the floor is nothing more than empty theatrics  from Democrats.   Our Nation has delivered more freedom, opportunity, and liberty to  more people around the world than any nation in our history. We have  served as the arsenal of democracy and a liberator of oppressed people  because we are a good and just nation founded on fundamental, God-given  liberties. Included among those, as part of our very first amendment,  is the freedom of speech.   Our Nation has lost precious treasure of our fellow countrymen to  free people from the horrors of Islamic fundamentalism. We need only  look at what has happened to women in Afghanistan since Biden's  disastrous and botched departure. Women are being stoned to death in  the street for having the gall to be educated. Women are forced into  marriages with blood-thirsty Taliban savages to serve as breeders of  the next jihad.   The fight against these kinds of atrocities deserves plainspoken and  hard truths be told. Instead, the other side would like to sterilize  free speech and determine what words are allowed under their Orwellian  tyranny.   Our Nation and the world deserve so much better than this ridiculous  attempt to stifle free speech. There is tremendous evil in this world.  Every day that evil is trying to infiltrate and undermine our  exceptional Nation.   I will never shy away from calling out evil ideologies, and I will  never back down from speaking against them and how they are used to  oppress women, children, and the vulnerable. We must stay committed to  opposing heinous acts of violence directed at any religious group  around the world, but the fact is, the State Department is already  doing this.   This bill brought to the floor today is for one purpose only: to  appease the hurt feelings of Members who themselves have well- documented backgrounds of anti-American and anti-Semitic remarks.   I rise against this bill just as I will rise against any attempts to  weaken our rights, diminish our liberties, and distract this body from  dealing with real issues to strengthen our Nation and empower our  people.   