 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman so very  much for yielding to me. I thank him and Ranking Member Walorski for  bringing this bill forward.   Mr. Speaker, our foster youth are, of course, some of our Nation's  most vulnerable. But do you know what? They are also our most  resilient. But even the most resilient needs support. That is what this  bill is all about, ensuring that those who would otherwise age out of  foster care at age 18, who chose it or need it, can continue to get  services--housing, workforce development, driving skills--through this  pandemic.   For thousands of foster youth each year, their time in foster care,  simply because they turn 18--or 21 in some States--can be a very, very  unsettling moment for them.   As a result, with little or no family support, they suddenly find  themselves grown, independent. But the reality is that the battle is  only beginning in these youths' lives. Having already suffered trauma,  including family separation, they find themselves without any type of  safety net during this particularly trying time in any person's life.  And to be sure, these are inspiring young people, but again, they need  support to help ensure brighter futures.   Mr. Speaker, I want to talk about one of these youth who I had the  pleasure to get to know. His story is full of struggles and victories,  but they are not the exception. This was Mr. ``DJay'' Joi.   I first met DJay when he shadowed me during Foster Youth Day a few  years ago. He had such a great heart, great personality, extremely  intelligent, that he quickly became a part of my own personal family.   DJay's drive and resilience helped him create a bright future for  himself. He knew firsthand the difficulties facing those aging out of  the foster care system, challenges that he shared with me.    Mr. Speaker, this bill is a good step. But  let's recognize and address the supports we need to provide foster  youth. We need to require all States to raise the maximum age to 21 for  those who choose to keep receiving foster care supportive services. We  need to think about permanently removing the barriers or the cap on the  use of Chafee funds for housing.   Karen Bass and I have a bill that would immediately allow former  foster youth to keep Medicaid coverage through age 26. Healthcare is a  critical need.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the ranking member, and I urge  all Members to support this great initiative.   