 Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my amendment which would take a  number of steps to address PFAS contamination--a significant issue in  my home State of Michigan and across the country. These include:  Requiring a national primary drinking water regulation for PFAS.   Strengthening disclosure requirements for manufacturers who discharge  PFAS into our environment.   And mandating the DOD comply with safe incineration standards for  PFAS.   My amendment would also ensure that the Department of Defense medical  providers have the training they need to treat the effects of PFAS  exposure.   This provision could literally not be more straightforward. ``The  Secretary of Defense shall provide to each medical provider of the  Department of Defense mandatory training with respect to the potential  health effects of PFAS.''   These potential health effects of PFAS exposure are serious. It has  been linked to liver and kidney damage, thyroid problems, and cancer.   Unfortunately, not all medical providers are familiar with the risks  associated with PFAS exposure nor the steps that should be taken for  those who have been exposed. That is where my amendment comes in. With  necessary training, Department of Defense doctors would be able to  identify effects before they get worse and refer their patients for  appropriate treatment.   I am glad we are making strides elsewhere in this NDAA to expand  evaluation of servicemembers for PFAS exposure. This is something I  have been fighting hard for. Our servicemen and -women deserve to know  if they have been exposed to high levels of these dangerous chemicals.   This amendment builds on these important provisions and prevents some  of the situations we have already heard about whereby DOD firefighters  are evaluated for PFAS exposure but not provided any additional  guidance on what future treatment they should seek or side effects they  should look out for.   I am particularly proud that this amendment has garnered support from  both sides of the aisle--Democrat and Republican--because the health of  our servicemembers should not be a partisan issue.   I want to thank my colleagues, Representatives Delgado, Fitzpatrick,  Posey, Mace, Leger Fernandez, Ross, Sarbanes, and my fellow  Michigander, Representative Levin, for their leadership on this package  of amendments.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join in supporting these  commonsense amendments which will give our men and women in uniform the  knowledge and the tools that they need to protect themselves.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   