 Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Madam President, I rise today to speak in support of the  historic nomination of Congresswoman Deb Haaland to serve as our  Nation's next Secretary of the Interior.   This Cabinet position is of great importance to our Nation and  especially to Western States like mine--like ours, Madam President, and  I can't think of anyone more qualified to fill this position than  Congresswoman Deb Haaland, one of the first Native American Members of  Congress and a proven leader.   Let me start by telling you why this Cabinet position means so much  to Nevada. In the Silver State, over 50 million acres of land is  managed by the Interior Department. That is over 70 percent of our  entire State.   People come to Nevada from all over the world to experience our  pristine and our majestic public lands and monuments. These lands,  well, they are not just a source of beauty; they are also a source of  economic opportunity for Nevada.   In previous administrations, we have seen efforts to put those public  lands on the chopping blocks. But that won't happen under Deb Haaland's  leadership.   I have had the chance to speak with Congresswoman Haaland one-on-one,  hear directly from her, and get to know her.   She has spent her entire career fighting to protect public lands,  waters, monuments, cultural sites and natural beauties around our  Nation and, of course, in our great State of Nevada.   And I know, if confirmed, she will work with me and Senator Cortez  Masto to strike the right balance between critical protections for our  public lands, environment, and wildlife, and the needed economic  development across Nevada.   Deb Haaland, well, she has been committed to conservation as a Member  of Congress, and she will be just as committed to conservation as our  next Interior Secretary.   Congresswoman Haaland, she will take the bold steps needed to  confront climate change. And if this historic confirmation succeeds,  she will bring new and needed perspective to the Presidential Cabinet-- one that has been missing since the President's Cabinet was formed all  the way back in 1789.   As Secretary of the Interior, Deb Haaland will be the first--the  first--Native American Cabinet member, and she will give a voice to  Tribal communities in Nevada and across our country.   She will take steps to restore and respect Tribal sovereignty. She  will continue to be an advocate and an ally to Native communities, and  she will help to right the many historic wrongs and injustices that  have been committed against Native Americans and Tribal communities.   Deb Haaland is exceptionally qualified to lead this Agency. She  brings a breadth of experience and diversity to the table. She will be  a positive force for good. She will guide our Nation forward.   I urge my colleagues to vote yes on Deb Haaland's nomination.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   