 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to express concern about a  culture of corruption among top officials at the Federal Reserve.   Officials at the Federal Reserve are entrusted to make decisions that  affect the global economy and touch the lives of every person in our  country. These officials have access to private information, often  gathered at the expense and even by legislative mandate. There is no  room for self-dealing by Federal officials. There is no room for even  the appearance of self-dealing. Every member of the Federal Reserve  should know that without a reminder from Congress. But, evidently,  there is a problem at the Fed. We don't know the scope of the problem  or how long it has been going on, but a very disturbing picture is  emerging.   Last month, it was discovered that, during the economic turmoil of  2020, as the Fed was called on to take extraordinary measures to  support our economy, Robert Kaplan, President of the Federal Reserve  Bank of Dallas, made multiple million-dollar-plus stock trades.   It was also disclosed that, in the same period, Eric Rosengren,  President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston, made multiple  purchases and sales related to his stakes in real estate investment  trusts and other securities.   A new report last week revealed that a third key Fed official, Vice  Chair Richard Clarida, also traded between $1 million and $5 million  out of a bond fund into stock funds exactly 1 day before Fed Chair  Powell publicly suggested possible policy actions that would  significantly affect bonds and stocks.   The Federal Reserve makes hugely consequential decisions--decisions  involving interest rates, trillions of dollars' worth of lending and  debt, and the regulation and supervision of the banking and financial  systems. The year 2020 was particularly consequential, with the Fed  taking unprecedented steps to backstop financial markets in response to  the pandemic. To make these specific decisions, Fed officials needed  access to vast quantities of proprietary, nonpublic data and  information about individual firms, the state of the economy, and  upcoming Fed actions. Under these circumstances, for Fed officials to  actively trade in the market raises legitimate questions about  conflicts of interest and insider trading.   These Fed officials' actions show, at a minimum, very bad  judgment. They also suggest that some Fed officials believe that  building up their own personal wealth is more important than  strengthening the American people's confidence in the Fed.    In his years as Chair of the Fed, it is not clear why Mr. Powell did  not take steps to prevent these activities. Surely, he understands that  this kind of behavior by Fed officials corrodes the public trust in the  Fed and that, in turn, such corrosion undermines the effectiveness of  the Fed.   Surely, he understands that the Fed officials' trades run afoul of  Agency guidelines, which state Fed officials should ``avoid any  dealings or other conduct that might convey even an appearance of  conflict between their personal interests, the interests of the  [Federal Reserve] System, and the public interest.''   Surely, he knows that, according to the Fed's policies, its officials  ``have a special responsibility for maintaining the integrity, dignity,  and reputation of the System. Accordingly, they should scrupulously  avoid conduct that might in any way tend to embarrass the System.''   Surely he is aware that the Fed's policies instruct officials to  ``carefully adhere to the spirit, as well as the letter, of the rules  of ethical conduct,'' and to ``exemplify in their own conduct the high  standards set forth in those rules.''   As the sitting chair of the Federal Reserve, the responsibility to  safeguard the integrity of the Federal Reserve rests squarely with him.  Setting the right culture at the Fed and making sure safeguards are in  place to prevent self-dealing and to protect the public's confidence  should be the minimum standard any Federal Reserve Chair should meet.  And once there is a problem, a quick and aggressive response is  critical. Chair Powell has failed at both tasks.   Last week, I said that I would not support Chair Powell's  renomination because in one decision after another, he has consistently  failed to serve as an effective financial regulator. But that is not  his only failure.   Chair Powell has also failed as a leader. Our Nation needs leaders  who are willing to set aside and enforce strong ethics standards and  who act swiftly when a problem arises.   Our Nation does not need a go-along-to-get-along leader who doesn't  know or doesn't care when, on his watch, people with great  responsibility advance their own interests over the interests of our  Nation, or someone who drags his feet in dealing with problems that  shake the public's confidence in the institution he leads.   We need changes at the Fed. I have already called on key Fed  officials to voluntarily abide by stricter ethics standards. Yesterday,  I asked the SEC to investigate these trades to determine whether these  Fed officials may have broken laws on insider trading, and I will  continue to push Chair Powell to vigorously enforce the ethics  standards that already exist and to put stronger ethics standards in  place at the Fed.   In the last Congress, I introduced sweeping ethics legislation, the  Anti-Corruption and Public Integrity Act. This legislation would ban  all individual stock ownership by Members of Congress, by Cabinet  Secretaries, by senior congressional staff, by Federal judges, by White  House staff, and by other Agency officials while in office.   It would prohibit all government officials from holding or trading  stock if its value might be influenced by their Agency, their  department, or their actions. And it would require senior government  officials and White House staff to divest from privately owned assets  that would present conflicts of interest. This far-reaching legislation  would also tighten conflict of interest and recusal requirements and  shut the revolving door between industry and government.   Now, look, this proposal won't solve every problem. And for any  officials who have engaged in illegal insider trading, we don't need a  new law to hold them accountable. But the proposal would dramatically  reduce the possibility for any appearance of impropriety at the Fed and  at every other Federal Agency and in Congress and in the White House.   I urge Congress to pass this legislation and to restore Americans'  trust in our elected leaders and the officials who make key decisions-- key decisions not only about the economy, but about public health, the  environment, and every other aspect of government.   There is a lot of housekeeping we need to do, and the faster we  start, the faster we get it done.   I yield the floor.  [[Page S6900]]    