 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman   Gregory Meeks, of the Foreign Affairs  Committee, for his leadership in bringing this important legislation to  the floor which addresses an issue of faith, of values, and of our  country.   The House comes together, hopefully, in a spirit of unity--I would  have hoped--and patriotism to condemn and combat Islamophobia and all  forms of racism, prejudice, and discrimination.   Listening to the debate, I heard Mr.   Danny Davis earlier as he was  singing ``don't mess with Mister In-Between'' talking about religion  and talking about how it should be off-limits and people's religion  should be respected. I know--and probably it is true of everyone here-- the respect we have for our own faith and our own religion enables us  to appreciate the faith and respect people have for their faith. That  is why this is so sad because it is an attack on the faith of one of  our Members.   Sadly, but clearly, Islamophobia is a sinister, growing, and for too  many American Muslims, a constant presence in our Nation.   To just review some of the figures: Nearly 70 percent of American  Muslims have personally experienced anti-Muslim discrimination since  September 11.   Thousands of documented acts of anti-Muslim bigotry and violence are  recorded each year, with many thousands unreported.   Attacks are growing more common and more brazen--from vandalism of  [[Page H7802]]  mosques, to physical assaults on women wearing hijabs, to hate speech  from public officials, to bullying and violence of children at schools.  Think of how the children hear this.   As we all know, this bigotry has targeted one of our own--shamefully,  from within this congressional community. Racism and bigotry of any  form, including Islamophobia, must always be called out and condemned  in any place it is found. This is particularly true in the Halls of  Congress which are the very heart of our democracy and where we have a  responsibility under the rules of the House to behave in a way that  brings dignity to this body.   Our first President, George Washington--there he is looking over us-- over 230 years ago in a letter to the Hebrew Congregation in Newport  wrote: ``For happily the Government of the United States, which gives  to bigotry no sanction, to persecution no assistance, requires only  that they who live under its protection should demean themselves as  good citizens, in giving it on all occasions their effectual support.''  He, himself, was defining what is the right way to live. Indeed,  bigotry and persecution have always been un-American as demonstrated by  our patriarch, George Washington.   Anti-Muslim bigotry affects not only Members but many other members  of our congressional community. As hundreds of Muslim staffers wrote in  a letter last week, Mr. Speaker, they said ``hateful rhetoric by public  officials directly impacts us and puts our safety at risk, both at the  workplace and in our everyday lives.''   The Muslim staffers whom we value here further said: ``We must now  come to work every day knowing that the same Members and staff who  perpetuate Islamophobic tropes and insinuate that we are terrorists  also walk by us in the Halls of Congress.''   It is really frightening.   Disturbingly, Islamophobia is not a unique American experience but a  global scourge. Earlier this year, the U.N. Human Rights Council  declared that discrimination against Muslims has risen to epidemic  proportions. Around the world, we see tragedy and tragic consequences  of anti-Muslim attitudes: the genocide against the Uyghur people and  other Muslim minorities in China, atrocities committed against the  Rohingya in Burma, attacks on Muslim refugees in central Europe and  white supremacist violence against Muslims in New Zealand and Canada,  the targeting of Muslim minority communities in western Asia and the  Middle East.   We must confront Islamophobia or any form of racism wherever it is  found--around the world, in our country, or even in these very Halls.   This legislation will not only address the rise in incidents of  Islamophobia worldwide but launch a plan to combat this bigotry.   I thank Congresswoman Jan Schakowsky and Congresswoman Ilhan Omar for  their leadership in advancing equity, justice, and dignity in our  Congress, in America, and in the world with this action. I thank also  the Foreign Affairs Committee chairman, Gregory Meeks, for his support  of this important action.    With this bill's passage, Mr. Speaker, a special envoy for monitoring  and combating Islamophobia will be created, just as the State  Department has special envoys on anti-Semitism and international  religious freedom. That is something we have always shared in this  body, across the aisle and across the Capitol in a bipartisan way,  support for and respect for religious freedom at home and  internationally.   This special envoy created here will be charged with establishing a  comprehensive strategy to combat Islamophobia worldwide. The State  Department's annual human rights reports will be expanded to include  state sponsors of Islamophobic violence and impunity.   As a nation that prides itself on the defense of human rights and  dignity, we must be leaders both on the global stage and at home by  example to combat violence against Muslims.   Again, Islamophobia in any place is offensive, dangerous, and must be  condemned; and Islamophobia in our own congressional community-- specifically, the repeated, ongoing, and targeted Islamophobic comments  and actions against another Member as we witnessed this past year--is  appalling and totally unacceptable.   That language and behavior are far beneath the dignity, integrity,  and decency with which the Constitution and our constituents require  that we act in this House. These actions must be called out and not  tolerated.   Mr. Speaker, every day that we are in session we begin with a prayer  because we believe in our own way. Some don't believe, but by and  large, most people here believe. We do so with reverence for our own  religious beliefs and with respect for the beliefs of others. If we  didn't have such strong beliefs in ourselves and our own religion, it  would be okay and easy to believe that somebody might be frivolous  about respecting someone else's devotion. But we do. We all profess to  be people of faith.   The House will continue to look into an array of options to address  this priority and to take real action to combat Islamophobia as we have  many times taken action to condemn anti-Semitism and other forms of  bigotry.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman again for his leadership and  Congresswoman Schakowsky, who was very much a part of this, and  Congresswoman Omar; and I urge a strong, bipartisan vote on this  important legislation.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the  time, and more importantly, for bringing this important legislation to  the floor. Now we say that with many bills, and let me tell you, Madam  Speaker, what this means to America's families.   America's families, as they gather around the kitchen table and  figure out their priorities and how they are going to pay their bills  is what keeps them up at night.   We must lift the debt ceiling to cover the expenses already incurred.  It is important to note over 95 percent of it occurred during the Trump  administration, under 4 percent of it during the Biden administration.   But sadly, Republicans have not only abandoned the responsibility  they have  [[Page H7818]]  in all of this, this is what it means to you.   For families, a default could mean millions of American jobs  eliminated, trillions in household wealth erased, reducing the value of  the dollar and an immediate reversal of our strong economic recovery-- six million jobs already under Joe Biden--and having a terrible impact  globally for decades to come.   Just the discussion of not lifting the debt ceiling a number of years  ago when the Republicans in Congress were refusing to do so lowered the  credit rating of the United States of America.   Our Constitution says and it makes clear the validity of the public  debt of the United States authorized by law shall not be questioned.    I point out this other fact. If you have a car loan, if you have a  mortgage, if you have a student loan, if you have credit card bills,  any other borrowing, your interest rates will go up unless we lift the  debt ceiling. So this has a direct impact on the pockets of the  American people on the prospects for their success.   Let's be clear, Republicans want less money in the pockets of the  American people for whatever reason. I don't know what the middle class  and working families ever did to them for them to want to exact this  toll on our economy, on our standing in the world and what it means  globally, but very importantly when you are discussing your finances  over the kitchen table, understand that if your interest rates go up it  is because the refusal of the Republicans to lift the debt ceiling.   I close by saying the full faith and credit of the United States  should never be questioned. The health of our economy should never be  threatened. The financial security of our families must never be  gambled.   I urge a strong ``yes'' vote for this legislation so that we  strengthen our economic recovery, spare families the pain of a  catastrophic default and uphold our duty in the Constitution of the  United States to uphold the full faith and credit of the United States  of America.   Madam Speaker, I urge an ``aye'' vote, and I thank Mr. Beyer for his  leadership on this issue and Mr. Richie Neal, the chair of the  committee, as well.   