 Mr. Speaker, for the last eight years, Charleston, South  Carolina, has been named the number one city to travel to. Even despite  the COVID-19 pandemic, we have seen thousands of folks come and visit  our beautiful, historic city.   In the next 10 days, Charleston is going to welcome a PGA Tournament  in Kiawah, South Carolina. There is opportunity everywhere. Our  airports are full. We are seeing a record number of travelers this  month and this year alone. People are on the roads driving to our  beautiful city. Yet with all of this great tourism that we are having,  we are having a massive labor shortage.   Take, for example, one of my friends, Wade Boals, who owns Saltwater  Cowboys in Mt. Pleasant, a beautiful waterfront restaurant where you  can enjoy sunsets and a great cocktail or adult beverage of your  choice. Rather than be excited about all this tourism, he is desperate  to find help, desperate to find workers and staff to work his  restaurant. So imagine a restaurant that once had 20 employees now has  [[Page H2263]]  three, and the demand on those staff who see no end in sight right now.   But he is not alone. In the State of South Carolina, there are 85,000  jobs available in the last 30 days, and we have 116,000 people on  unemployment today. If you want a job, you can have a job. And Wade is  offering great benefits, great salary, right on the waterfront. There  is no better place to work than Mt. Pleasant, right on the water.   The $1.9 trillion COVID relief package, meant as a short-term  financial solution to help those most in need, has really turned into  an entitlement. We are making people dependent on the Federal  Government for their day-to-day life, when opportunity is all around  them every day, even in the middle of the pandemic.   It turns out, when you pay people to stay at home and not go to work,  they actually do that; they stay at home.   Wade is just one example. There are examples everywhere. Literally  everyone in every industry that I talk to, businesses large and small,  are having the same problem. Employers are desperate to find employees.   Everywhere, even in the supply chain--you look at what is happening  this week with our supply chain. Truck driver shortages, a shortage of  CDL drivers. Many of those folks are on unemployment right now, rather  than go back to work. We have enormous needs in every industry across  the country today.   The reality is that no business, large or small, could ever waste as  much money as our Federal Government does. When I look around us here  today, I see a House of Representatives that has the slimmest majority  in a generation, and I see a U.S. Senate that is evenly split 50/50,  yet we are chasing radicalism. This is not a referendum on socialism or  radical policy. This year should be a referendum on both Chambers  working together, in a bipartisan way, to get our kids back in school  and our people back to work and through COVID-19 successfully.   