 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation,  H.R. 1444, to rename the Winchester, Virginia, post office in honor of  country music legend and proud daughter of Virginia, Patsy Cline.   In January 1957, Arthur Godfrey's Talent Scouts introduced their live  television audience to Patsy Cline, from Winchester, Virginia, and  launched her to stardom after her winning performance of ``Walkin'  After Midnight.''   Virginia Patterson Hensley was born in Winchester in my home district  in 1932. She spent her childhood years there growing up in the  beautiful northern Shenandoah Valley. It was also where she discovered  her dream of becoming a singer.   The only thing that matched Patsy Cline's talent was her  determination. From the local Winchester radio station to the Grand Ole  Opry, she sought out opportunities to showcase her abilities in bold  ways--writing letters, approaching other singers backstage, and even  showing up at a studio waiting room to request an audition.   That talent and determination took Patsy Cline to places no woman  country music singer had gone before. Patsy Cline was the first female  solo artist to become a member of the Grand Ole Opry in 1960 and the  first female solo artist to be inducted into the Country Music Hall of  Fame in 1973.   CMT has ranked Patsy Cline as the number one greatest woman in  country music history. She continues to inspire generations of future  artists.   Her tragic and untimely death in 1963 took Patsy Cline away from us  too soon. But her trailblazing legacy and her music live on.   Mr. Speaker, it is important to me that among the many great and  well-deserved honors this American icon has received, she should be  forever remembered in her hometown of Winchester, Virginia.   I am proud to sponsor this legislation to rename the post office  along Winchester's pedestrian walking mall after Patsy Cline.   Her legacy is still very much felt in her hometown. The Patsy Cline  Historic House, where she lived from 1948 to 1953, is in the National  Register of Historic Places and the Virginia Landmarks Register and  remains a popular tourist attraction in the Winchester area. Patsy  Cline's final resting place is just a few miles south of the house, in  Shenandoah Memorial Park, where a bell tower was built in her memory in  the 1980s.   Renaming this post office will serve as further acknowledgement of  Patsy Cline's legacy in the Winchester community and of Winchester's  influence on Patsy Cline.   The support this bill has received from across our great Commonwealth  shows the enduring legacy of Patsy Cline and the popularity she still  holds. Nearly 60 years after her death, people still ``fall to pieces''  over her music, and this bill proves that we are still ``crazy'' about  her.   