 Mr. Speaker, I know this has been a very difficult  week for us as a global community, as communities that are concerned  for human rights, all human rights in general, and in particular, the  rights of Palestinians and Israelis alike that have been impacted by  the fear and violence of this week.   Now, what I think is, you know, important is that--I will start with  a story. As a little girl, my family comes from the island of Puerto  Rico, and I grew up visiting my family on the island of Vieques,  communities on the island of Vieques, where the United States bombed  its own territories, its own communities.   And I would go to sleep as a little girl to the sound of U.S. bombs  detonating. Practice is what it was called at the time. Practice. And  when I saw those air strikes that are supported with U.S. funds, I  could not help but wonder if our communities were practice for this.   This is our business because we are playing a role in it. And the  United States must acknowledge its role in the injustice and human  rights violations of Palestinians. This is not about both sides. This  is about an imbalance of power.   When I first got here in 2019, the Israeli Government refused to  admit two Members of the United States Congress, Rashida Tlaib and  Ilhan Omar, into the country. They banned Members of this very body  because of who they were. They said it was a sign of weakness.   We have to have the courage to name our contributions, and sometimes  I can't help but wonder if the reason we don't do that, if we are  scared to stand up to the incarceration of children in Palestine, is  because maybe it will force us to confront the incarceration of  children here on our border.   If by standing up to the injustices there, it will prompt us to stand  up to the injustices here. We have a responsibility. And if we have  historically said and committed to a role as an honest broker, then we  must fulfill that role. That means we have to be honest with ourselves,  with what our aid supports. We have to be honest and ask ourselves  questions like why we are using our veto power on the U.N. Security  Council in preventing statements from being released about concerns for  this violence alike.   The President and many other figures this week stated that Israel has  a right to self-defense, and this is a sentiment that is echoed across  this body. But do Palestinians have a right to survive? Do we believe  that? And, if so, we have a responsibility to that as well.   