 Madam Speaker, I ran for Congress, like many of my  colleagues, to make change, to represent my district well, and to work  hard with my colleagues in a bipartisan way to deliver the solutions  that the American people expect from us.   Unfortunately, we are again here today using the taxpayers' time to  play a part in more political theater.   January 6 was a terrible day for this institution, for the Capitol  Police, the Members and the staff serving here, and the country. That  is why the Senate Rules Committee conducted a thorough investigation  into the events that day and publicly released their findings. That is  why there are still investigations going on at Federal agencies. That  is why the House Committee on Appropriations, Financial Services,  Homeland Security, Judiciary, and Oversight and Reform are still  conducting investigations.   The redundancy of another committee is not only unnecessary, but it  is a distraction. It is a distraction meant to mask humanitarian  failures at the border, massive spikes in crime in cities across the  country, and absolute inept leadership in confronting our foreign  adversaries.   The Speaker's obsession with dominating this investigation is  concerning. Her puppet committee has no prohibition on interfering with  ongoing law enforcement investigations, potentially distracting from  putting those responsible behind bars, because it is clear that this is  not the priority here. The only priority here is a self-serving agenda  to put D.C. politicians first and give them their cable news talking  points.   If we are going to spend time and resources on investigations, we  should be doing many things in this House that have been ignored by the  Democrats, like investigating the origins of COVID to hold China  accountable, cleaning up a humanitarian crisis at the border created by  Democrat policies. But there is no outrage on the left for half a  million people who died of COVID, for the countless children who have  been harmed at our border.   I will be voting ``no'' on this select committee.    Mr. Speaker, there are very few issues that we work on  that have such an impact on every single person's daily life as an  infrastructure bill. It is what moves people. It is what moves goods.   That is why we need a bill that makes us globally competitive. We  need a bill that builds roads and bridges. We need a bill that  decreases traffic and improves people's quality of life. Doing so, by  the way, would decrease carbon emissions. But this bill actually bans  new roads by stripping States of their ability to prioritize building  new roads or bridges.   We need a bill that makes it more efficient to move products from  place to place, and we need a bill that takes control out of the hands  of bureaucrats and empowers local leaders because they know best what  their community needs. Unfortunately, this bill does none of those  things.   What it does do is increase inflation, cost, and debt. There are zero  proposals to pay for this bill. It is not a serious attempt to  legislate. It is another partisan wish list and, sadly, another missed  opportunity to uplift the everyday lives of Americans.   This misguided legislation is not what the American people need. I  hope calmer heads will prevail, and we see that a real bipartisan  effort to get this important work done actually happens.   Mr. Speaker, I urge opposition.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this en bloc  amendment.   The American people overwhelmingly have been telling us that Congress  must pass an infrastructure bill which focuses on true infrastructure  and not superficial projects perpetuating frivolous spending. We have  crumbling roads and bridges on the verge of collapse across the  country, and my Democrat colleagues with a straight face are  prioritizing road art over actual roads.   This amendment would maintain the current probation on defining  infrastructure as art. It is, once again, clear where the priority of  the majority is, and it is not on transportation, roads, and bridges.   The fact that we even have to have this debate on this amendment  shows how out of touch some of my colleagues are. The INVEST in America  Act does little to streamline permitting and get relative costs in  order.   In California 40 percent of the cost of building a new home is  related to government fees. In Texas it is 20 percent. Mr. Speaker, you  can expect similar costs when it comes to other infrastructure  projects.   My amendment included in the en bloc ensures States, such as  California, can choose if they want to have exuberant costs--just not  at the cost of the Federal Government.   Mr. Speaker, this amendment would encourage States to right size  their permit costs and not award high-permit-cost States with a Federal  bailout, and I urge adoption.    Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, my amendment would fix an ongoing problem  that I see back home and in other areas of the country which highlights  the need for local control to be able to fix local problems.   One example is U.S. Highway 75, just across my district line in  Dallas. The highway received funds over 10 years ago to install HOV  lanes to help alleviate congestion in the area. Unfortunately, 10 years  later, these lanes are not being used and are actually creating more  congestion. Due to Federal DOT regulations, these lanes cannot be  removed even if the funds are repaid for the cost of installation.   This amendment would allow for increased flexibility to local elected  officials to properly manage traffic flow as patterns change. Because  these funds would be repaid to the DOT, these funds could be used to  fund more and essential future transportation projects.   Unfortunately, this bill further limits local government control.  Local leaders know better than bureaucrats in Washington how to solve  problems, and my amendment would provide the relief needed to local  governments without any Federal cost.  [[Page H3562]]    Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, while I appreciate the gentleman's  comments on increasing traffic and increasing congestion, what I would  remind him is that this is going to be looked at by local elected  officials. And if those local elected officials deem that this is an  unused lane, which is what we are seeing on Highway 75, we will  actually be opening up and relieving congestion by allowing those  elected officials to be able to say we are going to open this back up,  which will have much more response to alleviating traffic, alleviating  problems with congestion, allowing many more people to be able to drive  on that lane, as opposed to paying money to create more congestion,  more carbon emissions, and less efficiency.   Again, these cities would be paying back those dollars which could be  used for necessary future transportation costs.    Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Again, I would argue that this is an opportunity to be able to get  money back from cities that have found that the HOV lanes have not had  the impact, have not had the necessary effect on creating less  congestion, but what they found is they have actually created more  congestion.   So in areas where traffic patterns may have changed, where additional  highways or other roads may have alleviated those conditions, where 10  years prior HOV lanes were necessary, they are no longer necessary,  instead of keeping them closed, we will actually be able to open them  up and provide the help that these funds were initially used for.   Mr. Speaker, I would encourage adoption of this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   