 Madam President, I am here to honor the memory of my  friend and the friend of every working person in America, Rich Trumka.   We lost Rich this morning, and all I kept thinking is the kind of man  we have lost and what that means to all of us.   Rich was real. He was a third-generation coal miner who rose to  become the president of the United Mine Workers and the president of  the American Federation of Labor. Rich was also a hunter, and he had  the patience of a hunter--the planning, the long hours, sometimes long  days, but always on his target. And Rich was a fighter He was  relentless. When Rich got in a fight, Rich never gave up. Might not  plan every one of those fights, at least not the first time out, but he  never gave up.  [[Page S5910]]    From his growl to his laughter, Rich was real all the way through. He  lived his heart every single day. He was always Rich.   Back during the financial crash in 2008, 2009, we were trying to  build an idea for a consumer agency to make sure that people wouldn't  get cheated next time around the way they had been, and what led up to  that crash. Rich was there, and he was there because he had seen  firsthand what it is like. He had seen his brothers and sisters in the  labor movement, who had lost their homes, had lost their jobs, and seen  their pensions disappear because a handful of greedy banks and feckless  regulators had permitted the rich and powerful to take over our  government and to take over our economy, and they brought that economy  to its knees. It fell hard on working people, and Rich was determined  that would not happen again.   I remember the day when President Obama announced that they were  ready to lay out the first--first outlines of what the financial  response should look like, what kind of laws we should pass here in  Congress in order to make sure that this didn't come again. And there  were a bunch of folks who were invited to the White House. I was  invited. It was my first time there. I am looking around--wow.   And a bunch of people crowded, and all we cared about was: Hand us  the list. I want to see what is on it. Is there a consumer agency on  this?   And we get in our assigned seats, and I am sitting on these tiny,  little chairs, jammed together so they can get as many people as  possible. And Rich, who was a man of considerable size, is sitting  directly behind me, kind of mashed up against the back of my chair and  leaning out, and we were on the aisle, both of us, and furiously going  through it to see what is there.   And, sure enough, the White House had said there is going to be a  consumer agency, or at least that is what they are going to ask for.   So I am smiling. I turn and I say: See this? You see this?   And he said: Yeah.   And I said: You know, it makes me a little nervous for you to be  right behind me here.   And he leaned over and he whispered in my ear and he said: I will  always have your back, Elizabeth.   And I reached back, patted him on the leg.   And it was true. I never got in a fight for working people that Rich  Trumka wasn't already there, that he was already in that fight, that he  already saw what was happening to working people on the ground, and  what it was that we needed our government to do by way of response.   Rich fought for decades for working people. It was his true north. He  never varied from that. He never wanted anything for himself. All he  wanted to do was to see workers get more power so that they were  playing on a level playing field, to see workers be able to work in  safe conditions, to see workers get a chance to build some real  security for themselves and for their families.   Rich measured everything that came his way against that test: What is  it going to do for working people? And if you could show him this is  going to help working people, Rich was in it all the way.   During COVID-19, Rich was here back and forth and back and forth,  trying to push this government to get more workers' safety in place,  more regulations that were going to protect people so people weren't  out there dying trying to do their jobs.   Rich was there, trying to protect the economic security of workers,  people who had been laid off, people who had been shut out of the  workplace. It was Rich who helped lead the charge, watch out for  working families.   He didn't need the glory. He didn't need the spotlight, but, boy, he  was in there pushing in the way that only Rich Trumka could do it.   Rich understood that when we put workers at the center of our  policies, then families win; when we put workers at the center of our  policies, then our economy wins; when we put workers at the center of  our policies, then our Nation wins. That is how Rich lived, and that is  how Rich died.   To Rich's family, I am so sorry for your loss. For Rich's brothers  and sisters in the labor movement, I am so sorry for your loss. Rich is  gone, and that is a hard blow to you and to our whole Nation, and this  is the moment to honor Rich's legacy not just with words, but by  staying in the fights that Rich led us on, by staying in the fights  relentlessly for workers' rights.   We are going to miss Rich.   I yield the floor.   