 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1144,  the PUGET SOS Act, which I am honored to co-lead with Congressman  Kilmer, who I thank for working on this bill over the years. I also  thank the Puget Sound Partnership and Northwest Indian Fisheries  Commission for all their help. I am proud to work with you to restore  Puget Sound.   Madam Speaker, as a western Washington native, I know how critical  the health of the Puget Sound is to our region--economically,  culturally, and environmentally.   The Sound is an economic engine creating over $30 billion in economic  activity and supporting nearly 150,000 jobs. It is a biodiversity  hotspot, home to over 7,000 different species, including 200 different  types of fish. It is a sacred resource for Tribal nations throughout  the region who rely on the flora and fauna the Sound supports for their  lives and livelihoods. And it is a cultural treasure, with the salmon,  shellfish, orca, and others which live in the ecosystem, that is  fundamental to the history and identity of the Pacific Northwest.    For years, this ecosystem has been on the brink of danger, and we are  at a tipping point. As the human population continues to grow  significantly, the risks and strain on Puget Sound intensify.   This legislation takes much-needed, timely steps to secure the health  of the Puget Sound now and into the future by establishing a dedicated  program office within the EPA and codifying the Puget Sound Federal  Task Force. Together, these groups will develop a Federal action plan  to preserve and restore this most critical national maritime treasure.   Washingtonians view and use Puget Sound the way Marylanders view the  Chesapeake Bay and how Michiganders view the Great Lakes. It is well  past time the Federal Government does as well.   If we really want to make an impact, and support hundreds of  thousands of jobs while trying to save orcas and salmon, we must act  now.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   