 Madam Speaker, I rise today to express my  support for the passage of H.R. 7, the Paycheck Fairness Act. This  landmark legislation, of which I am a proud cosponsor, will close  loopholes in the Equal Pay Act to better protect and promote effective  remedies for workers still subject to inequitable and insufficient pay.   Signed into law by President John F. Kennedy in 1963, the Equal Pay  Act was the first anti-discrimination law addressing wage differences  at the federal level. Now, half a century after its enactment, women  and minorities still face significant wage disparities despite making  great strides in the workforce. According to a study conducted by the  U.S. Census Bureau's American Community Survey, the median earnings for  women in Texas is $36k, compared to the median earnings of $46k for  men. Across the Nation, women are only earning on average 82 cents for  every dollar a man makes in similar, full-time positions. The  differences are only exacerbated when you take into consideration that  Black women make 63 cents, Native American women 60 cents, and Hispanic  women 55 cents.   As the first Black woman elected in Dallas and someone who has worked  in fields dominated by men, I have witnessed and experienced firsthand  the biases and hardships that women and minorities face in our  workforce. That is why I am proud to announce that the advances made in  this legislation are wide-ranging and significant. The Paycheck  Fairness Act will protect working women against retaliation for  discussing salaries, prohibit employers from screening job applicants  based on their salary history, and finally require employers to prove  that pay disparities exist for legitimate, job-related reasons.  Additionally, this effort will make improvements to the tools available  to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and the Department of  Labor to enforce the Equal Pay Act.   Madam Speaker, as a member of the Democratic Women's Caucus, I am  committed to advancing the professional development and financial  security of women and minorities in our workforce. That is why I would  urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this  legislation.   