 Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my amendment  to add the first six titles of the Protecting America's Wilderness in  Public Lands Act to this year's NDAA bill.   This legislation will preserve nearly 1.3 million acres of public  land across Colorado, California, and Washington State, and it will add  more than 1,000 miles of river to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers  System.   Preserving these untouched public lands from the threat of future  development is more than just protecting our environment. It is about  protecting our economy and jobs and our western way of life. It is also  about ensuring that some of our Nation's most elite military pilots  have the opportunity and the space they need to train.   Included in the nearly 1.3 million acres of land this measure would  protect are some of our Nation's most important military training  grounds, including the High Altitude Aviation Training Site, or HAATS,  in Colorado, that is responsible for training some of our most elite  helicopter pilots to take on some of the harshest conditions anywhere  on the planet.   As a fourth-generation Coloradoan, I know how important these lands  are to the people in my State, and I know how important these training  grounds are to the brave men and women who serve in our Nation's  military.   The designations included in this amendment were not made up  overnight. They were the result of decades of hard work by citizens  across the State of Colorado, and they have garnered widespread support  among the public across the West.   It is why the legislation has been passed by this Chamber now three  times in just 2 years, including as a part of last year's NDAA bill,  and again, this year, as a standalone bill.   I want to thank my colleagues, Representatives Huffman, Carbajal,  Chu, Schiff, Kilmer, Neguse, and the chairman of the Natural Resources  Committee, Chairman Grijalva, for their unwavering support and all the  work they have done to get this package to the floor.   I urge all Members to vote ``yes'' on the amendment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Schiff).    Madam Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, all of the six areas in this bill have been studied,  have been worked on, and have been under consideration for several  decades, as my colleague, Mr. Schiff, pointed out.   The areas in Colorado in my bill were originally designated as  wilderness study areas in the 1980s, and they have already been managed  as wilderness for almost 40 years. What this would do is it would  simply make permanent what everybody in Colorado knows. These are the  most special wild areas that we can have.   My colleague from Colorado alleges that helicopter training would be  prevented by this bill, but, in fact, that is incorrect. After working  with the National Guard, we withdrew the areas that were scheduled to  be wilderness and called them potential wilderness so that the  helicopters can continue to land there, as I pointed out in my opening  statement, allowing our military to have the high-level training that  they need.   Finally, to my knowledge, there are no rare minerals in any of the  six potential areas of this bill. In fact, what we are doing is simply  preserving for future generations the wilderness that we all know and  the wilderness that stimulates jobs and the economy throughout the  West.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this amendment and preserve  these very special places, and I yield back the balance of my time.   