 Madam President, Wyoming's heart is heavy with grief  today. I rise to honor the life, sacrifice, and memory of Wyoming  native LCpl Rylee McCollum. He, along with 12 of his fellow  servicemembers, lost their lives while defending the airport in Kabul  as American citizens and allies escaped the clutches of the Taliban.  Their selfless service and sacrifice will be honored and remembered,  and they will be forever cherished by a grateful nation.   Rylee was a Wyoming guy through and through. His life's goal of  serving in the U.S. Marine Corps began seemingly while he was still in  diapers, before he could even comprehend what that entailed. He was  born with the heart of a soldier.   He joined the military right out of high school. He heard the call to  defend our Nation, and he didn't hesitate to answer that call. He had  plans to become a history teacher and coach once he finished his  commitment to the Marines. He was about to become a father.   I had the opportunity to meet with some of Rylee's family this past  weekend. I had the great honor of expressing my deepest appreciation of  Rylee's sacrifice to them in person on behalf of a very grateful  Wyoming. Wyoming's very special way of honoring its beloved Rylee was  on full display last Friday.   People waving Americans flags lined the streets of Jackson to give  Rylee a hero's welcome as his remains were returned home. The people of  Wyoming are heartbroken but infinitely proud of his bravery and  sacrifice.   Just yesterday, September 13, 2021, Rylee's family welcomed into the  world his daughter, Levi Rylee Rose--8 pounds, 10 ounces. Although she  will never meet her father, who was killed before she was born, she  will be surrounded by love from mother Gigi, proud grandfather Jim  McCollum, Rylee's sisters, and many other relatives who will share with  Levi what a wonderful and heroic father she had.   Our hearts, our love, our prayers, and our embrace are with Rylee's  wife, child, friends, and family as they grieve his loss and remember  his bravery.   Madam President, Wyoming will never ever forget.   I yield back.   