 Mr. President, I rise today in support of the  Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act that will make historic  investments in Nevada, pending legislation we are working on right now.   With this legislation, Senators from both sides of the aisle were  able to come together to negotiate policy that will prepare us for a  sustainable future. It will create good-paying jobs, and it will  strengthen the economy. This is an example of how Congress can work to  the benefit of all Americans.   In the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, I worked to make sure  that Nevada and the Western States have the tools they need to address  the drought and wildfires caused by the extreme weather we are  experiencing now. This package includes necessary legislation to fund  large-scale water-recycling projects that can clean millions of gallons  of wastewater a day to keep water in Lake Mead for the Las Vegas  Valley. This act also includes measures I wrote to help prevent  wildfires and to fund state-of-the-art fire-detection equipment. New  technologies can keep us one step ahead of disastrous fires, and we  need this kind of forward thinking to protect our communities.    I also ensured this bill would support Nevada's mining industry and  create new union jobs. It does this by strengthening the critical  mineral and battery supply chain that provides key components of cell  phones and laptops, electric vehicles, solar panels, and more. We  should be processing the minerals we mine in Nevada right here in the  United States, and this bill will help us do that in a responsible way  while protecting the environment and our public lands.   I am so pleased that this bill will also make historic investments in  our students. My bipartisan Renew America's Schools Act will invest  $100 million a year in environmentally friendly school improvement  projects, and I worked to include additional support for our students,  from funding for electric school buses to programs that keep kids safe  when they walk, bike, or ride the bus to school.   This legislation also includes $65 billion in funding to expand  broadband access to Americans across the country, and I helped draft  additional bipartisan provisions to promote digital equity and ensure  the government is being transparent about how it is spending this  funding.   The infrastructure bill will also secure improvements for our public  transit systems and airports and allow us to produce and charge more  electric vehicles. It will make our lives more sustainable. It will  bolster our economy and uplift working families.   You know, I like to call Nevada the Innovation State. I know we have  the technology and creativity to deal with the challenges of the 21st  century. My State is full of innovators and inventors, small business  owners, and students, all of whom are eager to play a part in a  sustainable and prosperous future. This package will bring us closer to  that goal.   I look forward to the positive changes this legislation will bring my  State, and that is why I am supporting it.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   