 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for yielding the  time. I thank her and Ranking Member Granger for their leadership on  this committee.   I rise to support the fiscal year 2022 Interior, Environment, and  Related Agencies appropriations bill.   I also want to thank Ranking Member Joyce for his collaboration and  partnership through this process. It is truly a privilege and a  pleasure to work with him.   I want to thank the hardworking committee staff, Rita Culp, who is  our clerk; Jocelyn Hunn; Janet Erickson; Kusai Merchant; Tyler Coe;  Marcel Caldwell; and also my personal staff, Evan Johnston, Lisa Pahel,  and Katie Bergh. We couldn't do it without all of their hard work.   For fiscal year 2022, the subcommittee is recommending a total of  $43.4 billion for the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies bill.  This is an increase of $7.3 billion over last year's enacted level,  which is a 20 percent increase. I am proud this bill makes long-overdue  investments to care for our planet, to fight climate emergency, and to  meet our trust obligations to Tribal nations.   The bill prioritizes the protection and preservation of our  landscapes and biodiversity, providing $15.6 billion for the Department  of the Interior.   It supports the administration's initiatives on climate change, such  as the Civilian Climate Corps, and affirms the role of science as the  foundation for decisionmaking. It funds a national initiative to  reclaim abandoned mines and cap orphan oil and gas wells, and it makes  investments in renewable energy development, including offshore wind.   Climate change is causing more extreme weather events and drought  conditions, as well as worsening existing problems such as the spread  of invasive species. These factors are all contributing to the  increasing threat of high-intensity wildfires in the West.   The Interior bill not only provides $5.7 billion for wildland fire  management but it also invests in programs to improve the health of our  forests and make them more resilient.   The bill also includes major investments to clean up pollution and  protect human health and the environment. The bill provides $11.4  billion for the Environmental Protection Agency, the highest level in  the Agency's history.   Across the country, Superfund cleanups are delayed because of the  lack of funding. This bill boosts Superfund spending by 27 percent and  will accelerate the pace of cleanup of toxic chemicals from the  country's most contaminated sites.   The bill adopts a whole-of-government approach to address  environmental justice and invests an unprecedented $248 million in  these efforts.   Additionally, the bill provides $4 billion for grant programs to make  drinking water and sewer system improvements, remove lead from our  taps, improve air quality, and strengthen our Nation's recycling  infrastructure.   These grants have profound impacts on public health and the  environment, but they are also economic drivers that create good-paying  American jobs.   Following our work in the CARES and the American Recovery Plan Acts,  this bill supports the arts and humanities by providing $201 million  for both the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment  for the Humanities. The cultural sector has been particularly  devastated by COVID-19, and this funding will help to support relief  and recovery for community organizations across the country.   Finally, this bill supports Native American families by investing in  a strong and resilient Indian Country, including through education and  healthcare programs.    Within the Department of the Interior, the bill invests  $4 billion in Indian Affairs programs, including an additional $180  million to address climate change impacts. For Indian Health Services,  the bill provides an additional $1.9 billion toward meeting Federal  treaty and trust obligations for healthcare.   The investments in this bill would improve the lives of Americans,  and I urge my colleagues to support the bill.   