 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support  of H.R. 1333, the No Ban Act. This legislation would ensure that no  president, Republican or Democrat, would carry the unilateral authority  to restrict refugees, asylum seekers, immigrants, and their families  from entering the United States based on their nationality or religion.   A little more than four years ago, I remember watching in horror as  the Trump Administration first instituted the Muslim Ban--barring  entrance for immigrants at airports throughout the country. But I found  solace, and inspiration, in the thousands of demonstrations at the same  airports, including at Dallas-Fort Worth International back home in  North Texas. It was at this moment that Americans saw, for the first  time, the severe damage that the Trump Administration would cause by  targeting immigrants, refugees, and other underserved and vulnerable  populations.   This legislation is a direct result of those demonstrations, and of  the spirit and advocacy of people who believe that the success and  well-being of our country are built upon the contributions of  immigrants. It doesn't just prevent an executive overreach; it sends a  message to the rest of the world that the United States is once again a  beacon of freedom and hope. This bill reaffirms the belief that  immigrants, refugees, and asylum seekers should be welcome here--free  from discrimination. And no matter the nativist rhetoric spewing from a  few on the other side of the aisle, we are, and will always be, a  country of immigrants.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the swift passage of  this bill and ask the Senate to take up this important legislation in a  timely manner.    Madam Speaker, I simply cannot eulogize the  life and legacy of Congressman Hastings every single minute, but I will  try my best.   Alcee and I came to Congress together in the class of 1992, and  almost instantly I knew that I was in the presence of a giant.   Our class doubled the size of the CBC.   Alcee let everyone know that he came from humble beginnings. But I  can say this: he carved for himself a path to success first in the  field of law and ultimately in Congress.   As many have already noted, he was a man of sharp words, and perhaps  sharp is an understatement.   Who could forget his infamous declaration that Texas is a crazy  State?   We shared so many laughs and quiet whispers. A story that many may  not know is that I convinced him to come to Texas and speak in our  crazy State, to which he responded, ``Y'all may want to hear me speak  now, but after I'm done, you won't ever invite me back.''   Well, it was colorful.   Alcee and I cofounded the Congressional Homeless Caucus and served as  co-chairs together until his passing. Because of his tireless advocacy  on behalf of the homeless, more constituents in his district and mine  and across the  [[Page H2039]]  country now sleep with a roof above their heads.   His wife and I were close, and we shared many social occasions  together.   So I say: So long my dear friend, rest in peace. And kudos from the  30th District of Texas based in Dallas.   