 Mr. President, I would like to enter a statement into the  record.   The President swears an oath to faithfully execute the Office of the  Presidency and to ``preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of  the United States.'' At the very core of that oath is a commitment to  democracy, to government of the people, for the people, and by the  people.   President Trump tested that commitment. Americans endured a pandemic  while casting their votes in the November 2020 election. Following that  election, the outgoing President baselessly sowed doubt about its  legitimacy and refused to commit to a peaceful transition of power. In  the days leading up to January 6, 2021, President Trump agitated his  most dangerous supporters, who had already shown a propensity for  violence, and called on them to interfere with Congress' duty to  formally count the votes of the electoral college. Donald Trump wanted  a riot to take place on January 6. We know because he said so. And when  police officers defending the Capitol were overrun by his mob, he did  nothing. Democracy is at its most fragile at the moment of transition,  and that fragility is exactly what the former President sought to  exploit.   During President Trump's second impeachment trial, his defense tried  to paint for Americans a picture of a President who called for peaceful  protest and who bears no responsibility for the January 6 assault on  the People's House. But the President's actions took place before our  eyes. His conduct before, during, and immediately after the assault on  the Capitol is well known to the American public. He is uniquely  responsible for the events of January 6.   Americans spoke clearly and forcefully in November when they elected  a new President. Donald Trump's attempt to cling to power through lies  and violence is just what the Framers of our Constitution feared. But  part of the brilliance of our Constitution's separation of powers is  that we, the Congress, have the power and obligation to defend against  such gross misconduct through impeachment.   I voted to convict and disqualify former President Donald Trump  because he violated his oath of office and because our future leaders  must know that such abuses of power will not be tolerated in a free and  democratic society. I will continue to call out these abuses and to  keep those in power accountable.   