 Madam Speaker, as a senior member of the Judiciary  Committee and the Democratic Task Force on Aging and Families, and as  cosponsor, I rise in strong support of the bipartisan H.R. 2062, the  ``Protecting Older Americans Against Discrimination Act of 2021,''  which restores the burden of proof standard for workers alleging age  discrimination back to the pre-2009 standard--returning the burden back  to the same standard used for alleged discrimination based on race,  sex, national origin, and religion.   This important bill is supported by numerous key organizations,  including AARP, Leadership Council of Aging Organizations, National  Council on Aging, Justice in Aging, AAUW, Consortium for Citizens with  Disabilities (CCD), American Association of People with Disabilities  (AAPD), Disability Rights Education & Defense Fund (DREDF), National  Disability Institute, Easter Seals, National Partnership for Women &  Families, National Women's Law Center, National Education Association,  AFSCME, NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice, and Paralyzed  Veterans of America.   Mr. Speaker, prior to 2009, older workers alleging age discrimination  in the workplace faced the same burden of proof as those who allege  discrimination based on race, sex, national origin, or religion.   This burden of proof is called the ``mixed-motive'' standard, where  the complaining party need only prove that age (or whatever type of  discrimination is being alleged) was one of the motivating factors  behind the employer's adverse action.   This situation changed dramatically in 2009, when in a 5-4 decision  in Gross v. FBL Financial Services Inc., 557 U.S. 157 (2009), the  Supreme Court erected a new and substantial legal barrier in the path  of older workers--imposing a much higher burden of proof on workers  alleging age discrimination.   This higher burden of proof requires the older worker alleging age  discrimination to prove that age was the decisive and determinative  cause for the employer's adverse action rather than just a motivating  factor in the employer's action.   Mr. Speaker, this Supreme Court decision sent a terrible message to  employers and the courts that some types of discrimination are not as  wrong, or as unlawful, as other forms of discimination.   H.R. 2062, the Protecting Older Americans Against Discrimination Act  of 2021, simply returns the burden of proof for workers alleging age  discrimination back to where it was before the odious decision in Gross  v. FBL Financial Services.   In addition, since the Gross decision in 2009, some courts have  extended the Gross's unreasonably difficult burden of proof to two  other types of worker discrimination complaints: retaliation cases, in  which an employer retaliates against a worker who challenges workplace  discrimination; and disability discrimination cases.   As a result, in returning to the pre-Gross burden of proof standard,  H.R. 2062 ensures that all victims of workplace discrimination face the  same burden of proof--the ``mixed motive'' burden of proof that has  historically  [[Page H3060]]  been used in worker discrimination cases--by amending not only the Age  Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA), but also the anti- discrimination provision of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, the  Americans with Disabilities Act, and the Rehabilitation Act.   Mr. Speaker, it should be noted that age discrimination continues to  be a significant problem in the workplace.   Enforcement statistics from the Equal Employment Opportunity  Commission (EEOC) show complaints of age discrimination to be climbing.   In 2000, the EEOC received roughly 16,000 charges of age  discrimination; in 2017, the EEOC received over 20,000 complaints-- accounting for 23 percent of all discrimination charges filed.   A 2013 AARP study found that more than 6 in 10 workers ages 45 to 74  said they have seen or experienced age discrimination in the workplace  .   In this 2013 AARP study, nearly 20 percent of respondents said they  were not hired for a job because of their age and nearly 10 percent  said they were laid off or fired due to their age.   Age discrimination is a key reason it takes unemployed older workers  nearly a full year, on average, to find another job.   And when they do land a new job, it is often for less money, which  can have a crushing impact on older workers' long-term financial  security and ability to live independently as they age.   Older workers are a valuable asset to their employers and the  economy, yet more than half of older workers are forced out of a job  before they intend to retire, and even if they find work again, 9 in 10  never match their prior earnings.   This is wrong; it is unfair and that is why I strongly support H.R.  2062, the Protecting Older Americans Against Discrimination Act of  2021, and urge all Members to join me in voting for its passage by a  resounding and overwhelming margin.   