 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank very much my friend,  colleague, Mr. Buck, for yielding me time this evening.   I know the topic, Mr. Speaker, is cancel culture. I have some  thoughts about that. But tonight I rise to discuss freedom and our  constitutional duty to protect it.   Mr. Speaker, I have been privileged to see firsthand how powerful and  how fragile freedom is. Twenty-eight years ago, I stood outside a  polling place, a schoolhouse in western Kenya. Soldiers had chased away  people who were lined up to vote. A few hours later, they came  streaming back in, risking further attack, undaunted in their  determination to exercise their right to vote.   In 1992, I sat across the table from a young mayor in Nizhny  Novgorod, Russia. I listened to him talk of his dream of liberating his  nation from communism. Years later, for his dedication to the cause of  freedom, Boris Nemtsov was assassinated by Vladimir Putin's thugs.   In Warsaw in 1990, I listened to a young Polish woman tell me that  her greatest fear was that people would forget; they would forget what  it was like to live under Soviet domination, that they would forget the  price of freedom.   Three men--an immigrant who escaped Castro's totalitarian regime, a  young man who grew up behind the Iron Curtain and became his country's  minister of defense, and a dissident who spent years in the Soviet  gulag--have all told me it was the miracle of America, captured in the  words of President Ronald Reagan that inspired them.    I have seen the power of faith and freedom. I listened to Pope John  Paul II speak to thousands in Nairobi in 1985, and 19 years later, I  watched that same Pope take my father's hands, look in his eyes, and  say, ``God bless America.''   God has blessed America, Mr. Speaker, but our freedom only survives  if we protect it, if we honor our oath, taken before God in this  Chamber, to support and defend the Constitution, if we recognize  threats to freedom when they arise.   Today, we face a threat America has never seen before. A former  President, who provoked a violent attack on this Capitol in an effort  to steal the election, has resumed his aggressive effort to convince  Americans that the election was stolen from him. He risks inciting  further violence.   Millions of Americans have been misled by the former President. They  have heard only his words but not the truth, as he continues to  undermine our democratic process, sowing seeds of doubt about whether  democracy really works at all.   I am a conservative Republican, and the most conservative of  conservative principles is reverence for the rule of law. The electoral  college has voted. More than 60 State and Federal courts, including  multiple judges the former President appointed, have rejected his  claims. The Trump Department of Justice investigated the former  President's claims of widespread fraud and found no evidence to support  them. The election is over. That is the rule of law. That is our  constitutional process. Those who refuse to accept the rulings of our  courts are at war with the Constitution.   Our duty is clear. Every one of us who has sworn the oath must act to  prevent the unraveling of our democracy. This is not about policy. This  is not about partisanship. This is about our duty as Americans.  Remaining silent and ignoring the lie emboldens the liar.   I will not participate in that. I will not sit back and watch in  silence while others lead our party down a path that abandons the rule  of law and joins the former President's crusade to undermine our  democracy.   As the party of Reagan, Republicans have championed democracy, won  the Cold War, and defeated the Soviet Communists. Today, America is on  the cusp of another Cold War. This time with Communist China. Attacks  against our democratic process and the rule of law empower our  adversaries and feed Communist propaganda that American democracy is a  failure. We must speak the truth. Our election was not stolen, and  America has not failed.   I received a message last week from a Gold Star father who said,  ``Standing up for the truth honors all who gave all.'' We must all  strive to be worthy of the sacrifice of those who have died for our  freedom. They are the patriots Katharine Lee Bates described in the  words of ``America the Beautiful'' when she wrote, Oh beautiful for  heroes proved in liberating strife, who more than self, their country  loved and mercy more than life.   Ultimately, Mr. Speaker, this is at the heart of what our oath  requires: That we love our country more, that we love her so much that  we will stand above politics to defend her, that we will do everything  in our power to protect our Constitution and our freedom that has been  paid for by the blood of so many. We must love America so much that we  will never yield in her defense. That is our duty.   