 Madam Speaker, let me first thank our chair,  Congresswoman DeLauro, for yielding and for her tremendous leadership  throughout this overall process because, I tell you, this continuing  resolution, it really should not be necessary.   We have had ample time under the previous CR to complete bicameral,  bipartisan negotiations to complete our full-year funding  responsibilities, but not all parties have agreed to even come to the  table.   But Democrats are determined to keep our government open, so I urge  everyone to support this continuing resolution.   There are immense needs, though, and challenges outside our borders.  We must complete our work on a full-year appropriations bill that  provides the much-needed investments in diplomacy and development to  meet those challenges.   For far too long, we have had an imbalance between defense,  diplomacy, and development. So I am very proud that the House passed  the State-Foreign Operations bill, increasing funding for global health  and pandemic response efforts, humanitarian assistance, and our  commitment to key allies and partners. We must provide our  international agencies the resources they need to defeat the global  COVID-19 pandemic and ensure that we are taking the proper steps to  protect ourselves in the future.   The House bill also has a tripling of environmental funding from the  prior year, which are critical investments to address climate change  and accelerate the progress in adaptation of clean energy.   Our bill prioritizes the protection and advancement of women,  including for family planning, which has not received an increase in  funding in over a decade.    Madam Speaker, these investments, along with  other important investments in housing, jobs, and community investment,  are on hold until we complete our work for fiscal year 2022  appropriations bills. So we must not shrink from our global  responsibility but instead work to pass our budget, an omnibus bill, as  soon as possible. Lives and livelihoods depend on this.   Madam Speaker, again I thank Chairwoman DeLauro for making sure we  keep the government open.   