 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Estes for holding this Special  Order. We really appreciate his remembrances and so many Members  remembering Senator Robert Dole as his body lies in state at our  Nation's Capitol. This is an honor we reserve for only the most  deserving Americans who have rendered such great service to our  country. Senator Dole has rightfully earned this honor.   Bob Dole's life displayed courage of the highest order. As a young  man, he fought in World War II and was wounded in northern Italy. He  carried his wounds for the rest of his life with grace, dignity, and  great compassion. Bob Dole became a champion for veterans and those  living with disabilities.   The shadow of Senator Dole's political career looms large. His  tremendous influence on American political life over the last half  century does not need to be restated. For now, I will say this: That  from Presidential campaigns to the Senate floor, Bob Dole was an  unyielding opponent, a steadfast ally, a fearless leader, and also a  person with a tremendous sense of humor.   Even in that generation we call the Greatest Generation, Bob Dole  stood above the rest. He was a paragon of courage, class, and  patriotism. As a stalwart conservative, he was able to work with both  Democrats and Republicans to enact positive legislation that improved  life for all Americans.   Senator Dole's compass was never swayed by popular opinion or  political expedience. He stayed the course and kept his focus on the  eternal principles our Founders set forth, principles of liberty,  integrity, and dignity. His unwavering commitment to these principles  propelled him to great heights on the national and world stages, but  this humble Kansan never allowed himself to grow haughty or self- absorbed. If anything, his historic career only made him even more  modest.   This week, we lost Senator Dole at the age of 98. His body lies in  the Capitol rotunda, and it is fitting for us to honor him in this way.  His death is a reminder that each of us in this body must do what we  can to carry on his work of protecting and defending the United States  with integrity, compassion, courage, and honor.   Bob Dole was a patriot, a public servant, and a gentleman, and this  Nation will always be grateful for the incredible life he led.   World War II veterans are also special in my heart, particularly in  my community where I had the privilege of being involved with bringing  veterans to the World War II Memorial in many trips that we had in the  2000s when President Bush was in office.   We took them to the World War II Memorial, where I know that Bob Dole  greeted them. We also took them on a nice dinner cruise on the Potomac,  which they enjoyed, and also visits to the White House. Like all of  these wonderful World War II veterans, they were much like Senator  Dole, really, truly of the Greatest Generation.   I just want to say to Senator Dole: We salute you. May God rest your  soul. May God bless your family and this great Nation.   