 Madam Speaker, I thank Representative  Speier for her leadership today.   Madam Speaker, I have this speech and all that, but I don't want to  make a speech. I told my friend I was just going to rant. She said:  ``Go to it.''   I am listening to the cable news and all that, and they say the  Democrats are fighting and they are talking about the moderates and the  progressives, and I just want everyone to know this: We are fighting.  We are fighting for you. We are fighting for the American people. And  especially we are fighting to make sure that women and children are on  this train when it pulls out on build back better.   First of all, I am a very proud member of the Florida delegation, but  I am not really here as a Representative. I am here as someone who was  a working mother and now I say I am a working grandmother. And I  remember those days of having to juggle and make sure my son was in  good, nurturing care as he was growing up and I was working full time.  And now I have grandchildren whose parents both have to work full time,  and I think about them all the time. Who are they going to be left  with? What about when they have their colds?   I had forgotten, Representative Speier, that your first year of pre-K  you are constantly sick. So not only do they go to school, then they  have to have someone to take care of them when they have that cold. And  I think my colleague from New Jersey gave a really good summary of what  it is like for the parents struggling to make ends meet.    We know that parents are really making the least amount of money  usually when their kids are the youngest. And it is really a stretch  for so many parents to even afford childcare, and then for the sandwich  generation to have to take care of the elderly or the disabled loved  one who needs home care.   But I want to talk about also, Representative Speier and Madam  Speaker, about the worker, the people in whose care we are leaving the  people we love the most.   Representative Speier, did you realize that the average salary for a  childcare worker or a home care worker is about $27,000 a year?    Will the gentlewoman yield?    So you think about it. After you pay  your rent, your car payment, your insurance, your food, you buy your  clothes, it doesn't leave much, if anything.   And think about the responsibility of these workers, as I said,  taking care of our precious children.   And I want to give you an example, because the average income of all  workers in the United States is $68,000. I would like that to be  higher, too, and I am not saying that other people don't deserve good  salaries, but just to give by comparison, a truck driver, $46,000; a  schoolteacher, $64,000; an accountant, $79,000; a plumber, $60,000. I  can go on and on. A salesperson, $64,000.   I am not saying they don't deserve that money, but don't the people  who take care of our loved ones also deserve to make money so they can  have a decent life?    Well, how about parking your car in a  parking lot? We pay more to have someone watch our car than we do to  watch our children.   And it is not only not fair and not right, but it also mostly affects  women of color because that is who predominantly are our caretakers,  and as a result, Madam Speaker, of this paying so little, there is a  tremendous shortage.   Would you tell us, Representative Speier, what this means today in  terms of the childcare and the home care industry in terms of getting  people to even work the job?    Right. Because we are going to build  back better for our children, and especially our working parents, for  the elderly, who we love, and the disabled, by not only making it more  affordable,  [[Page H5716]]  but also raising the wages of our care workers. We are talking about a  transformational bill with Build Back Better.   Madam Speaker, I know you appreciate this, and those here today, is  that we are fighting in this bill to have universal pre-K for all 3-  and 4-year-olds in this country, getting our children off to a good  start.   Representative Speaker, I know you can tell us, what does it mean  when a 3- and a 4-year-old gets off to a good start, and how does that  equate to how they are going to do later in life?    Madam Speaker, this is a declaration in  the United States of America: That getting children off to an early  start at ages 3 and 4 is as important as getting them into kindergarten  or 6th grade, or whatever.   Madam Speaker, I know I said one last thing, but I do have one last  thing, because we are talking about taking care of our families. If  anything we learned from the pandemic, is the importance of being able  to take care of a loved one when they are sick or disabled, or  whatever. That is why the paid family leave provision of Build Back  Better is so important.   In fact, is it true that we are the only industrialized nation in the  country that does not have a paid leave policy?    Madam Speaker, I am glad I got to do my  little ranting and raving. I know I have colleagues who are going to  add a lot to this.   The American people should know that the Democratic Women's Caucus  right here, and we represent people all over the country--    There are 90 of us. We are fighting for  you. We are going to build back better for our women, our children, our  parents, our grandparents. We love them all. I have two grandsons; I  want them to have the same rights as every little girl.   