 Mr. President, it has been a year now since the outbreak  of a novel coronavirus in Wuhan, China. It put the world into an  unprecedented global lockdown, and we are still in the dark about how  the pandemic even began.   Folks, this isn't entirely an accident. The virus emerged in one of  the world's most closed societies, ruled by a ruthless authoritarian  regime with no tolerance for truth or transparency. And, even today,  after 2\1/2\ million people around the world have died, the Communist  Party of China refuses to fully cooperate with efforts to learn how  COVID-19 made the cross-species jump from bats to humans. Finding the  source isn't about assigning blame; it is about understanding the cause  and preventing a similar occurrence from happening again.  [[Page S1588]]    Here is what we do know: COVID appeared in the vicinity of the Wuhan  Institute of Virology, a laboratory where studies were being conducted  on bat coronaviruses. After the outbreak began, Chinese officials  ordered the destruction of coronavirus samples. In the months just  prior to the first case of the new pathogen being publicly identified,  researchers at this state-run lab reportedly became sick with COVID- like symptoms.   Years ago, U.S. officials who visited the institute sent warnings  back to the State Department that studies were being conducted on  dangerous coronaviruses from bats that could be transmitted to humans  in a lab which had ``serious'' safety problems.   Some of that research was even being subsidized by U.S. taxpayer  dollars, including a study published less than 2 years before the  pandemic that found the first evidence that humans could be infected  with coronaviruses from bats. You heard that correctly, folks. Your tax  dollars were paying for dangerous studies on coronaviruses in a lab in  China that our own government officials had warned was unsafe.   This all raises many questions, the first being, How much were we  actually paying for this endeavor? And that should be relatively easy  for anyone to discover since a law renewed by Congress every single  year requires all projects supported by the Department of Health and  Human Services to include a pricetag disclosing the cost paid by  taxpayers. But noticeably absent on the study from the Wuhan Institute:  the cost.   A review of numerous other projects supported by HHS found that cost  information was missing from all of them--all of them. Covering up  information that the public has a right to know about might be how  things work in Communist China, but it isn't how it should work here in  America.   This isn't China, folks. Our laws aren't optional, especially for  those who are supposed to be enforcing them.   Maybe we can't force China to be forthcoming, but we should be able  to expect our own government to be open and transparent. That is why I  am asking the HHS Office of Inspector General to launch an  investigation to compel the Department to comply with the law.   I am also introducing legislation to require every project funded  with your taxpayer dollars to disclose the cost paid by you. This is  just one of the bright ideas to shine some light on how your money is  being spent that I will be unveiling this week to commemorate Sunshine  Week, the annual celebration of open government.   A transparent government is one of the most fundamental principles  that make our government--of the people, by the people, for the  people--work. Decisions are made every day in Washington that impact  families and communities in Iowa and across the country.   We all benefit when we bring this information to light, especially  when it involves how our tax dollars are being spent. That is why I am  also working to create an alert system to notify the public whenever a  project goes $1 billion or more over budget or falls 5 years behind  schedule.   Some good news: My bipartisan bill was just reported out of committee  this morning, so boondoggles, you better beware.   Another bill I will be supporting will require hospitals and insurers  to reveal rates to patients before they receive their medical care.  This commonsense effort would allow patients to know the costs  associated with their healthcare in advance so that they can make  informed decisions for themselves and their families.   Finally, I am calling for more transparency from the Department of  Education when it comes to COVID spending. Taxpayers should be able to  see clearly how well States and school districts are doing at spending  tax dollars provided to help schools safely reopen.   Knowledge is the power that allows every citizen to hold those  entrusted to make our decisions accountable. After all, the only reason  to keep taxpayers in the dark about any of these decisions is because  they can't withstand the scrutiny that results when all of the facts  come to light.   With the Sun now setting an hour later as a result of daylight saving  time, we are all reminded just how much a difference can be made with a  little extra sunlight. After all, sunshine is the best disinfectant  because to stop waste, we first need to be able to spot it.   With that, I yield the floor.   