 Madam Speaker, it is our duty to not only do  the work of the people, but to ensure that people have a voice in our  democracy.   H.R. 1 amplifies the voice of the people, empowers individuals to  shape our democracy, and breaks down barriers to voting. It is  historymaking by design, as a portion of H.R. 1 was written by my  predecessor, Congressman John Lewis. We must honor his legacy and take  this necessary step forward because Georgians and all people in this  country deserve to retain their right to accessible elections.   Madam Speaker, I have added provisions to this bill that underscore  not only the importance of voting, but making it easier for hardworking  people to do so. And making it easier, not harder to vote, should  always be our main concern.   Madam Speaker, this week, Georgia's legislators moved forward to  further restrict Black and Brown communities from voting by enacting  new ID laws for absentee ballot applications and limiting the use of  ballot drop boxes--old tactics, but the same tricks. We cannot let  self-serving politicians stack the deck through voter suppression and  discrimination.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the passage of H.R. 1  so that we can make it easier for people to cast their ballots and have  their voices be heard.    Madam Speaker, what we saw happen to George  Floyd was not an isolated incident. It was a modern-day lynching caught  on camera, and it must stop.   Black men, women, and children are done dying. We are done dying at  the hands of police.   Law enforcement should protect and serve. But in communities of  color, we don't have the luxury of making that assumption. Many Black  people get the talk, instructions on how to act when encountering  police to increase the likelihood of returning home alive. These are  survival tactics that my husband and I don't want to have to pass on to  my young Black son, but we must.   For Black and Brown people everywhere, I urge my colleagues to vote  ``yes'' on the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act. Let's affirm our  commitment to root out police brutality and ensure accountability in  policing.   