 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California for  her leadership in bringing this legislation to the floor where we can  recognize the patriotism and heroism of members of the Capitol Police  force, and I thank her for facilitating this honor.   This usually takes a much longer period of time, but because of the  gentlewoman from California, the chair of the Financial Services  Committee, this is on a faster track, and it needs to be.   As you know, Mr. Speaker, January 6 was one of the darkest and  deadliest days in American history. The waging of the violent  insurrection against the United States Capitol and our very democracy  on that day was a profound horror that nearly defies comprehension.  [[Page H1372]]    That day, the country witnessed the gleeful desecration of our temple  of democracy. We observed Members of Congress flee for their lives, as  staff and support workers barricaded behind doors and hid under  furniture.   We saw how over 140 members of law enforcement were physically harmed  while defending our democracy and how several lost their lives.   January 6 was a day of horror and heartbreak. But because of these  courageous men and women, it was also a moment of extraordinary  heroism.   That day, the United States Capitol Police force put themselves  between us and the violence. They risked their safety and their lives  for others with the utmost selflessness, and they did so because they  were patriots, the type of Americans who heard the call to serve and  answered it, putting country above self:   Heroes like Capitol Police Officer Brian Sicknick, described by his  brother as someone who ``spent his life trying to help other people.''  Our sympathies go out to his family.   Heroes like Capitol Police Officer Howie Liebengood, honored as ``an  example of selfless service'' and beloved by Senators for being ``one  of the most kindest and thoughtful people'' they had ever met. Our  sympathies as well.   Heroes like Metropolitan Police Officer Jeffrey Smith, a 12-year  veteran of the force, known by all as the type of officer who would  never hesitate to help those in need. He made that sacrifice.   Heroes like Metropolitan Police Officer Daniel Hodges, whom I had the  privilege of meeting and thanking, who was beaten and crushed nearly to  death, who said about protecting our democracy on January 6: ``If it  wasn't my job, I would have done it for free.''   Heroes like Capitol Police Officer Eugene Goodman. We all saw his  heroism as he drew the mob away from Senators, saving lives, again, in  an act of profound heroism.   May the courage of these heroes always remain an inspiration to us,  and may we always remember the valor of the fallen, which made them  martyrs for our democracy.   I feel very honored to be sponsoring this legislation. The Speaker  rarely sponsors legislation, certainly cosponsors hardly ever.   Today, united in grief and gratitude, the House is honoring these  heroes as we pass legislation to bestow upon them the Congressional  Gold Medal, the highest honor this Congress can give.   The service of our men and women in uniform of the Capitol Police  force and other services that day brings honor to our democracy, and  their accepting this medal will bring luster to this award.   Over 300 Members of Congress have already cosponsored this  legislation in a bipartisan fashion, including Mr. McCarthy and Mr.  Scalise, the Republican leadership, and that is a tribute to the great  respect that we all have for the Capitol Police force.   We also saw that respect reflected in the presence of so many  distinguished leaders who came to the Capitol when Officer Brian  Sicknick was honored with a lying-in-state ceremony in the rotunda.  Among those leaders was the President of the United States, Joe Biden,  and Dr. Biden as well.   Let me end by returning to January 6. That day was also the Feast of  the Epiphany, a holy day of revelation in the church. It remains my  hope that that day of violence will provide a revelation of healing for  our Nation.   In a spirit of healing, that evening, as the House returned to the  Chamber to complete our duty to the Constitution and to the American  people to validate the election, I invoked the Song of St. Francis, the  patron saint of the city I am proud to represent, San Francisco. The  Song of St. Francis is the anthem of our city.       Lord, make me a channel of Thy peace.      Where there is darkness, let me bring light;      Where there is hatred, let me bring love;      Where there is despair, let me bring hope.    We were blessed by the heroism of our law enforcement officers that  day when they brought light, hope, love, and peace to our grieving  Nation.   The Congress promises the families that we will always remember, as  we have remembered Gibson and Chestnut. Every year, we honor them for  the sacrifice they made to protect this Capitol and our democracy. As  we always remember and honor their service, with this legislation we  will ensure that their heroism will be forever etched in the history of  our country.    I urge a huge bipartisan vote on this legislation. I thank the  distinguished chairwoman for enabling us to bring this to the floor,  affording us that honor to associate ourselves with the heroism of the  U.S. Capitol Police.   