 Mr. President, I rise today to introduce a bipartisan  Senate resolution recognizing the thousands of Arizonans and millions  more across America who go to work every day to serve their fellow  citizens, protect our communities, and make our country a stronger  place.   America's public servants work across our uniformed services, as well  as in Federal, State, and local governments, to advance our country's  health and safety. If we ever needed a reminder of the importance of  our public servants, the past year has provided one. Throughout the  coronavirus pandemic and resulting economic downturn, public servants  kept us safe, provided care for our heroes, coordinated urgent medical  supplies for our communities, and helped keep our small businesses  open.   Along our borders with Mexico and Canada, Border Patrol agents  tackled challenging conditions to provide security, limit the spread of  COVID-19, and protect our communities from criminal activity. At ports  of entry, Customs officers worked to maintain cross-border trade and  commerce to keep fueling American jobs.   VA employees cared for our veterans and are playing a critical role  in delivering vaccines to veterans, veterans' spouses, and caregivers  and dependents.   Postal employees continued to deliver the mail, keeping everyday  families connected and helping employers remain open.   To all of our firefighters, police officers, public health officials,  and teachers, you deserve our thanks every day, but moments of crisis  often help to remind us how much we rely on all of you.   When Kingman, AZ, recently experienced a cyber attack, it was local  officials, alongside members of the National Guard, who mobilized to  contain the damage and get the city back online.   Through these moments of sacrifice and service, these men and women  show that public service is not about winning partisan political  battles or getting your fame out on cable news. It is about serving a  cause greater than ourselves.   In Arizona we are no strangers to dedicated public servants who left  their marks on our State and country--from Sandra Day O'Connor, the  first woman to lead the Arizona State Senate and to be appointed to the  U.S. Supreme Court, to my personal hero, Senator John McCain, who  dedicated his life to public service, both in uniform and here in the  U.S. Senate.   Beginning this Sunday, America will mark Public Service Recognition  Week, and I am honored to again introduce this year's bipartisan Public  Service Recognition Week resolution with my friend Senator Lankford of  Oklahoma.   On the Subcommittee on Government Operations and Border Management,  Senator Lankford and I work closely together to strengthen Americans'  confidence in our government by making the government work better for  everyday Americans. That is a goal we share with all of America's  public servants, and I am proud that last year the Senate came together  across party lines to approve our resolution and honor public service.  [[Page S2212]]    Our bipartisan resolution recognizes the crucial work of Federal,  State, and local employees and public servants across the country, and  it particularly recognizes the work of the millions of public servants  who have overcome the challenges of the coronavirus pandemic.   As Senator Lankford has often said to our country's public servants,  ``America could not succeed without you.''   Public service is a noble calling, and millions answer that call  every day, often underpaid and underappreciated. I am honored to thank  these employees for keeping our communities and our Nation safe and  secure, and for serving as examples to the next generation of public  servants who will continue their legacy.   I yield the floor.   