 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1064, the RENACER  Act. I am proud to have introduced this bill with Congressman Albio  Sires, Senator Bob Menendez, and Senator Marco Rubio.   For years, dictator Daniel Ortega has been quietly dismantling  democracy in Nicaragua. First, he ripped the constitution apart to get  reelected, then he seized control of every branch of government, of the  military, and of the police.   Ortega wants to rule the country from an iron throne, and the  Nicaraguan people are suffering as a result. Ortega has banned  political parties, and he has killed hundreds of Nicaraguans and jailed  hundreds more.   Now we are on the eve of one of his most brazen moves in nearly 35  years of terrorizing this country, a sham election where all seven  presidential candidates were arrested in broad daylight; one of them  being my ex-husband, Arturo Cruz. This is his most flagrant example of  a stolen election as we have ever seen, and the world needs to know  that.   His brutal regime must be held accountable for its crimes against  humanity and for its systematic attack on democracy. That is why  Congress must pass the RENACER Act now. RENACER increases sanctions on  Ortega and on Ortega's chief co-conspirator and vice-president, his  wife, Rosario Murillo; and on the Nicaraguan security forces that  brutalized their people.   It brings the international communities together to take down  Ortega's safe havens around the world, and it exposes the Russian  meddling in that country. The RENACER Act sends a clear message to  Ortega and Murillo that your time is up.   I am also pleased that the provisions from my Nicaragua Free Trade  Review Act were included in this critical legislation. This will  trigger a review of Nicaragua's participation in the Central American  Free Trade Agreement, CAFTA. The CAFTA-DR trade agreement gives  Nicaragua open access to United States markets. To trade with the  United States is a privilege, it is not a right.   I am here to tell Ortega and Murillo, you murderous dictators, you  treacherous thugs, you will no longer have a free pass to enrich  yourselves. Tyrants around the world are watching. Passing the RENACER  Act shows the consequences of jailing your political opponents, of  oppressing your people, and of stealing elections.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to stand with those who have been  beaten and detained. I urge my colleagues to stand with the Nicaraguan  people. I urge my colleagues to take a stand against tyranny.   The United States has long been the torch-bearer for democracy around  the world. We must continue to carry that torch.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the RENACER Act.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Green.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 760. I want to thank my  colleagues, Mario Diaz-Balart and Debbie Wasserman Schultz, for  sponsoring this resolution denouncing the Cuban regime and supporting  freedom for the people of Cuba.   On July 11, the world watched as thousands of Cubans peacefully took  to the streets calling for libertad, meaning freedom or liberty. But  the Castro thugs responded by cracking their heads open in the streets  of Havana. Ever since, countless dissidents have been arrested, and  hundreds more have disappeared.   But what is encouraging is that these young men and women of  unbelievable courage cannot be stopped.   And do you know why, Mr. Speaker? Because their hunger to pursue  freedom and to pursue happiness drives them, and that is bigger than  the stranglehold the Castro regime has put on them for 60 years.  Apparently, freedom is bigger than fear, and that is why, in 10 days  from today, on November 15, these brave freedom fighters will flood the  streets of Cuba once again.   Already, the Castro repressive apparatus is showing its ugly head.  That is why we, the United States Congress, the seat of power in this  shining city on a hill the whole world is watching, must approve this  resolution today to express solidarity with the Cuban people.   We are demanding that peaceful protesters be allowed to assemble  without fear of being brutalized. We are condemning the heinous crimes  committed by this tyrannical regime. We are calling now on the Biden  administration peacefully and respectfully to provide internet to Cuba.   We are on the cusp of momentous change for that island. We are less  than 2 weeks away from another heroic demonstration by the Cuban  people. We are less than 2 weeks away from another violent crackdown by  the regime.   These pictures right here are evidence. They came straight from Cuban  television. Castro's civilian gestapo, armed with clubs, is ready to  attack those who will dare to shout ``libertad'' on the streets of Cuba  because in Cuba protesters are brutalized, detained, and beaten. They  are jailed and charged with treason because in the eyes of this  murderous regime, free speech is a crime and liberty is illegal.   This resolution from the United States House of Representatives will  send a message loud and clear that we will always stand on the side of  freedom, democracy, and human rights and that the Castro regime's days  are numbered. May the Lord allow for that.   The world is watching, and it is time for the Cubans to be free like  Americans, like we all are.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H. Res. 760.   