 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5746,  the ``NASA Enhanced Use Lease Extension Act of 2021''.   I want to thank Chairman Beyer of the Subcommittee on Space and  Aeronautics for introducing this bipartisan bill, along with  Subcommittee Rankin Member Babin, Representative Troy Carter, and  Representative Young Kim , as original cosponsors.   As Chair of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, I've had  the privilege over the years to visit many NASA Field Centers and  witness the extensive infrastructure required to support our nation's  inspiring space program.   Some of those properties are underutilized and many are aging.  Therefore, they can fall into disrepair.   NASA facilities, properties, and infrastructure comprise over 5,000  buildings and structures, including those at its field centers, and the  Jet Propulsion Laboratory.   The extension of enhanced use leasing authority in this bill helps  NASA manage the agency's real property, including the preservation of  underutilized or unique, historic properties.   As Chairman Beyer noted, enhanced use leasing, or ``EUL'', allows  NASA to enter into agreements with state and local governments,  academia, private sector entities, and other Federal government  agencies to lease non-excess and underutilized properties at NASA.   EUL authority allows the agency to accept lease revenues, in turn  helping NASA to reduce operating costs and make repairs and  improvements to facility systems.   According to NASA, in Fiscal Year 2019, five NASA Centers used  enhanced use leasing resulting in a total of over $10 million in net  revenue for the agency.   Congress first granted NASA authority to demonstrate enhanced use  leasing at two NASA Field Centers as part the Fiscal Year 2003  Consolidated Appropriations Resolution.   The Fiscal Year 2009 Omnibus Appropriations Act expanded the  authority to agency-wide use.   Since then, the authority has been amended in 2008, and further  amended in 2012 to allow NASA to accept in-kind considerations for  leases for the purpose of developing renewable energy production  facilities.   The most recent extension of EUL authority was in the Fiscal Year  2020 Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, where the authority was  extended for 2 years, until December 31, 2021, the end of this year.  The bill we are considering today provides a clean ten-year extension  until December 31, 2031.   This longer term extension provides consistency and certainty to NASA  and tenants, allowing NASA to continue existing EUL arrangements and  make progress on developing new arrangements that are currently  underway.   Enhanced use leasing is an important, well-used authority that  benefits NASA and the many institutions that enter into EUL leases. We  must act now to extend it.   With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote yes and pass  H.R. 5746, the bipartisan ``NASA Enhanced Use Lease Extension Act of  2021.''   