 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, House Republicans have long supported protections in  Federal law for all workers, including pregnant workers, and we believe  employers should provide reasonable workplace accommodations for  pregnant workers, empowering them to achieve their highest potential.   I speak not only as a concerned Congresswoman on this issue but also  as a mother and grandmother. Discrimination of any type should not be  tolerated, and no one should ever be denied an opportunity because of  unlawful discrimination.   That is why I support meaningful protections under Federal law to  prevent workplace discrimination, including Federal laws that  rightfully protect pregnant workers.   The Pregnancy Discrimination Act and the Americans with Disabilities  Act are examples. These Federal laws already ensure workers are not  being discriminated against and receive reasonable accommodations  related to pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions.  [[Page H2324]]    I agree with the underlying principle of H.R. 1065 and appreciate the  bipartisan negotiations that took place during the 116th Congress to  get this bill to where it is today. And I am pleased to see the changes  we negotiated last Congress were incorporated in the legislative text  this time around.   When the bill was introduced last Congress, it did not require that a  pregnant worker, in order to be eligible for an accommodation, be able  to perform the essential functions of the job with a reasonable  accommodation. This is a sensible provision now included in the bill.   A definition of ``known limitations'' related to pregnancy,  childbirth, or related medical conditions was also initially omitted.  The bill now includes such a definition, including a requirement that  employees communicate the known limitation to the employer. This  provision will help workers and their employers understand their rights  and responsibilities.   Additionally, the bill introduced last Congress appeared to allow  employees a unilateral veto over offered accommodations. However, the  bill now clarifies that reasonable accommodations will typically be  determined through a balanced and interactive dialogue between workers  and employers.   The bill introduced last Congress also did not include the limitation  on applicability to employers with 15 or more employees, as is the case  in title VII of the Civil Rights Act and title I of the Americans with  Disabilities Act, but it now includes the 15-employee threshold.   Finally, the bill now includes a provision that if an employer makes  a good faith effort to determine a reasonable accommodation through the  interactive process with the employee, the employer is not liable for  damages.   Unfortunately, there is one key provision missing from this bill. One  of the core tenets of the Constitution is the guarantee of religious  freedom. In fact, it is the first freedom mentioned in the  Constitution.   For the last 240 years, the Supreme Court has upheld that principle  in its decisions, and laws written by Congress have maintained strong  protections for religious liberty. Yet, the bill we are discussing  today deals an unnecessary blow to religious organizations, potentially  forcing them to make hiring decisions that conflict with their faith.   Our job in the people's House is not to defy the Constitution, but to  uphold it. No employer should have to choose between abiding by the law  and adhering to their religious beliefs.   That is why Republicans offered an amendment in committee that would  include a narrow but longstanding provision from the Civil Rights Act  that is not currently incorporated in this bill. Committee Democrats  voted down this commonsense amendment.   I also submitted the same amendment to the Rules Committee so that it  could be debated today, but the Democrats prevented me from offering  it. As a result, I cannot, in good conscience, vote in favor of this  legislation.   I want to reiterate that I am pleased with the bipartisan  negotiations that took place on H.R. 1065. When we work together, we  can effect real change. But I will never support any bill that  infringes on the Constitution, and I urge my colleagues on both sides  of the aisle to do the same.   Taking away rights from our citizens is not a win for the American  people; it is a win for Big Government.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Louisiana (Ms. Letlow).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Idaho  (Mr. Fulcher).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Mrs. McClain).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Good).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, Democrats claim it is not necessary to incorporate the  religious organization protection from the Civil Rights Act in H.R.  1065 because the bill does not repeal that provision and it will still  be effective if the bill becomes law. I strongly disagree.   H.R. 1065 will create legal jeopardy for religious organizations, as  I have previously stated.   But for the sake of argument, let's assume the provision is  superfluous. What would be the harm in including the Civil Rights Act  provision in H.R. 1065?   At worst, the provision would be duplicative with the Civil Rights  Act, causing no harm to workers or employers.   Let's remember that the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990,  better known as the ADA, includes a religious organization protection  similar to the one in the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The ADA provision  has caused no harm.   My conclusion is that the key sponsors of H.R. 1065 are saying the  quiet part out loud in their opposition to the religious organization  protection in the Civil Rights Act of 1964.   I have reached this conclusion because Democrats have also claimed  that the Civil Rights Act provision is overinclusive, to begin with,  and would provide too much protection in this instance.   Are Democrats saying that the existing Civil Rights Act protection  for religious organizations should also be repealed?   Again, this is a provision that has been law for 56 years.   As I have stated previously, the longstanding Civil Rights Act  religious organization protection should be added to H.R. 1065. At  worst, it would do no harm. At best, it will prevent religious  organizations from being required to violate their faith.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Illinois (Mrs. Miller).    I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, in their statements supporting H.R. 1065, Democrat  Members have encouraged the House to follow the examples of States that  have enacted pregnancy accommodation laws. However, the majority of  these States have laws that include important protections for religious  organizations.   At least 15 States and the District of Columbia have pregnancy  discrimination, or pregnancy accommodation laws, that include a  religious organization protection similar to section 702 of the Civil  Rights Act. The States include Arkansas, Hawaii, Iowa, Maine, Nebraska,  New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas,  Utah, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.   Kentucky's pregnancy accommodation law, which was highlighted by a  Democrat-invited witness at a hearing on the Pregnant Workers Fairness  Act as a successful workable solution, includes a limited religious  organization protection very similar to section 702  [[Page H2333]]  of the Civil Rights Act. Unfortunately, the bill before us today omits  this needed provision.   If we are to follow the example of these States and recommendations  from congressional testimony, then a provision protecting religious  organizations should be added to H.R. 1065.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate that the U.S. Chamber of Commerce worked  with the Education and Labor Committee to make improvements to the  Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. However, the Chamber does have few, if  any, religious organizations as members. Therefore, it is  understandable they would not take the position on protections for  these organizations.   As Members of Congress, we should ensure that the legislation we  consider is fair to all and does not infringe on fundamental rights.   The religious organization protection that I am advocating, which  comes from the Civil Rights Act, will ensure religious organizations  are not compelled to make decisions that violate their faith.   H.R. 1065 should include the religious organization protection from  the Civil Rights Act, which would not detract from any of the  provisions included in the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, being able to bear children is a great gift, and I am  very pleased that God gave me that opportunity.   I would like to address the claim that the Civil Rights Act's  protection for religious organizations is not needed in H.R. 1065  because these employers could raise the Religious Freedom Restoration  Act, RFRA, as a defense to a lawsuit.   However, RFRA does not provide the same protections for religious  organizations as the Civil Rights Act. In fact, RFRA's provisions are  much narrower than the protection for religious organizations in the  Civil Rights Act.   Moreover, RFRA defenses are difficult to win in court. Indeed, more  than 80 percent of the time, courts rule in favor of the government and  against the person seeking protection under RFRA.   The claim that the Civil Rights Act's longstanding religious  organization protection does not need to be incorporated in H.R. 1065  because of RFRA is not persuasive. Indeed, the protection should be  added to the bill to ensure it does not infringe on religious freedoms.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds.   Mr. Speaker, the chairman of the committee just said that this is  going to stop the patchwork of laws related to this issue.   Au contraire, Mr. Chairman. This is going to add to the confusion,  which is the point I have been making over and over and over again.  Simple addition of the reference to the Civil Rights Act would keep us  from adding to the patchwork of laws and the confusion that this bill  is going to create. And I am sorely disappointed that we could not work  out this last little accommodation.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, House Republicans will not stand for discrimination of  any kind. As a mother, a grandmother, and a very strong pro-life  advocate, workplace protections for pregnant women are particularly  important to me. My Republican colleagues and I have long been  committed to policies and laws that empower all Americans to achieve  success, and this includes current protections in Federal law for  pregnant workers.   While meaningful and necessary bipartisan improvements were made to  H.R. 1065, it falls short in protecting one of the Nation's most  treasured rights: Freedom of religion.   Democrats' refusal to include a commonsense, current-law provision  that protects religious organizations from being forced to make  employment decisions that conflict with their faith is shortsighted and  disappointing. Congress should not be in the business of taking away  rights from the American people.   In fact, as we all know, the Constitution starts with the three most  important words outside the Bible: We the People.   And then in the First Amendment to the Constitution--and I want to  jog the memories of my colleagues--the Constitution enshrines the right  of religious freedom by saying: ``Congress shall make no law respecting  an establishment of religion''--and this is very important, the next  part--``or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.''   That is what we are talking about here today. We are talking about  the free exercise of religion. I will say again: Congress should not be  in the business of attempting to take away rights from the American  people. The Constitution does not give us that right.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   