 Madam Speaker, I would like to speak briefly to  the Department of Homeland Security's portion of the supplemental,  which includes $6.8 million.   The direct role of the Department of Homeland Security on January 6  was limited to the protection of Vice President Pence and Vice  President-elect Harris.   The Secret Service, like almost every other Federal agency, was  insufficiently aware of open-source information that made clear the  severity of the security threat on that day, and it failed to take  seriously the threat information it was aware of.   Through discussions with the Secret Service, we identified $6.8  million in funding requirements to address security deficiencies that  were exposed on January 6, generally related to the protection of the  White House complex and open-source intelligence collection and  analysis.   The total includes $2 million to reimburse the Secret Service for  temporary anti-scale fencing used to expand the White House security  perimeter beyond the permanent White House fence earlier this year.   It included temporary fencing around Blair House while Vice President  Harris resided there during needed repairs to the official Vice  Presidential residence.   This fencing was required by the heightened security posture  associated with the Presidential transition.   These costs were unanticipated, because the Secret Service is unable  to budget for a Presidential transition following a sitting President's  first term in office.   The fiscal year 2021 funding bill for the Department of Homeland  Security provided $43 million above the request to help cover some of  the Presidential transition costs, but the Secret Service has had to  absorb other costs, totaling more than $35 million. So this is a very  modest but much-needed reimbursement.   The total also includes $3.2 million for less lethal equipment, civil  disturbance unit training and vehicles, and the establishment of a new  civil disturbance unit class to help the Secret Service improve its  ability to appropriately respond to civil unrest.   Finally, the total includes $1.6 million to enhance the Secret  Service's open-source intelligence analysis capability.   This is intended to help fill the gaps that led to a failure to  identify the January 6 insurrectionists as a serious threat, based on  open-source information available prior to that date.   I urge my colleagues to support the bill.   