 Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman Levin so very much, my  Great Lakes buddy, for sponsoring this very deserved tribute this  evening to Richard Trumka.   It truly is an honor to be here today in fellowship with my  colleagues and those who are unyielding in their commitment to creating  a better world for the hardworking men and women who build our Nation  and world forward.   No one embodied that devotion more deeply than the man whose life we  celebrate here today: Richard Trumka.   For nearly 50 years, President Trumka was steadfast in his dedication  to advancing the dignity and worth of American and guest workers who  clock into work every day to earn a living to provide for themselves  and their families and do the work before them.   Each bring about their own version of the American Dream.   I knew Rich from his earliest days leading the United Mine Workers of  America from 1983 to 1995 as its president, and I was blessed to call  him a friend.   I well recall when the mine workers conducted a national strike  against Peabody Coal in 1993 to achieve better wages and working  conditions in this dangerous industry.   I always respected Rich as an ally in the battles against job- outsourcing trade agreements like NAFTA, which opened up the chutes for  corporations to ship jobs overseas, unleashing a devastation of  America's middle class and industrial America, the likes of which we  had never seen before.   Having stood alongside him for many of these fights over the years, I  witnessed firsthand how global his reach truly was.   I recall one convening in particular that he organized with workers  from across the world.   There I saw how acutely he understood the need for working people to  band together across national boundaries in common cause to better  working conditions for all. He saw the future.   From the coal mines to Congress, workers had no fiercer advocate than  when they were attacked by special interests or antiworker lawmakers.   We shall all miss him and his passion immensely.   I take heart in the knowledge that he left behind a coalition that is  well prepared to take on the challenges that lie ahead.   America's unions are strong as the cause they pursue is just.    And in his memory, let us push forward on the path to building back  better for the American people.   The working men and women of labor are poised and will distinguish  themselves in retooling our Nation for the century ahead. And there  will be many pylons that will be installed that will be done in the  memory of Richard Trumka.   May God carry him high and give him deserved rest.   