 Madam Speaker, before coming to Congress, I organized  volunteer lawyers to represent survivors of domestic abuse, so I have  seen firsthand both the need for the Violence Against Women Act and the  remarkable impact of legal representation in moments of crisis.   That is why I am proud to support reauthorization of VAWA, which  would, among other things, expand access to legal counsel for those who  need it most.   Too often, survivors are left to navigate alone the overwhelming  aftereffects of violence and abuse. Whether that means finding housing,  medical, or other care in the aftermath of trauma, the process can be  complicated and hard to manage.   Legal representation in these critical moments can make a life- changing difference. That is why I am proud to offer two amendments to  VAWA today.   The first would expand efforts to provide legal representation in  postconviction relief proceedings. The second would increase access to  legal aid for veterans who have unmet legal needs.   Everyone deserves access to quality legal representation for  fundamental needs, and this bill gets us one step closer to that goal.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support my amendments and the  underlying legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Lawrence for  bringing us together for this Special Order hour.   In honor of Women's History Month, I rise to celebrate the League of  Women Voters nonpartisan work to encourage active and informed  participation in our democracy since 1920. Founded shortly before the  ratification of the 19th amendment, the League has always believed in  women's power to help create a more perfect democracy.  [[Page H1488]]    In recent years, the League of Women Voters of Pennsylvania has  worked to combat 21st century voter suppression tactics, including  strict voter ID laws and extreme gerrymandering.   In 2018, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court issued a decision in the  League of Women Voters v. Pennsylvania that declared our congressional  districts had been so extremely gerrymandered that they violated our  State constitution. In doing so, that decision created districts,  including mine, that are more compact, contiguous, and constitutional.  The League of Women Voters' decision paved the way for the election of  four women, myself included, to serve in our State's congressional  delegation at a time when there were none.   From the first suffragists through the present day, I want to applaud  the League of Women Voters for its ongoing work to empower voters and  defend our democracy.   