 Mr. Speaker, Americans across this country are facing  crisis after crisis.   Just think, just over a year ago, in early 2020, our economy was  booming, our standing in the world was strong, we had just rebuilt our  Nation's military, and our communities and families were thriving.   Here we are, a little over one year later, in just over 100 days,  President Biden and Speaker Pelosi have dismantled that foundation, and  the American people are paying the price.   Americans are suffering under four crises from the far-left radical  socialist policies of President Biden and Speaker Pelosi.   First, American families are facing an economic crisis, fueled by  trillions of dollars in uncontrolled spending, rampant inflation, and  unemployment benefits that incentivize workers to stay home while  businesses are desperate to hire employees.   We just experienced one of the worst jobs reports in over 20 years,  with unemployment rising, cost of living increasing every single day,  and small businesses unable to hire. This impacts every hardworking  American family, and it is a crisis with no end in sight, except the  trillions and trillions of dollars in new taxes proposed by President  Biden and Speaker Pelosi.   Second, American families are facing an energy crisis. This is the  first time my generation is experiencing widespread gas lines and  stations with no gas. If we do find gas, Americans are paying more at  the pump than they have in 7 years. This is unacceptable, and it is  unaffordable for every American family.   Third, President Biden and Speaker Pelosi have single-handedly  created a historic border crisis leading to rampant human trafficking,  an influx of criminals and dangerous drugs, like fentanyl, rushing  across the border.   And make no mistake, this does not just affect our border States  along the southern border, every State in this country is a border  State and every city is a border city experiencing the consequences of  this border crisis.   Fourth, the world is watching in horror as we are facing a national  security crisis in the Middle East and a resurgent Russia and China.  Israel is under attack by Iranian-backed terrorists, and our radical  socialist Democrat colleagues across the aisle cannot decide whose side  they are on.   Let me be clear, my colleagues, the Republicans, we stand with  Israel. More importantly, the American people stand with Israel. And  these four crises are impacting every American family across this  Nation. In my district, in New York's 21st District, small businesses  have more ``Help Wanted'' signs than they have workers. Restaurants,  like Ted's Fish Fry in Upstate New York, have been forced to close one  day a week, just as we are heading into summer, because they are unable  to hire workers.   Families are bearing the brunt of the abrupt tax hikes caused by  skyrocketing gas prices. Border patrol agents that should be securing  our northern border have been sent to the southern border, leaving  hundreds of miles of border in my district exposed to drug traffickers  and criminals.   And people are struggling to grasp the unthinkable. How is the Biden  administration negotiating with Iran, the world's largest state sponsor  of terror, who has targeted our friends, neighbors, and the soldiers of  the 10th Mountain Division in my home district.   Republicans and the American people are united in rallying against  the destructive, radical far-left policies of Biden and Pelosi, causing  crisis after crisis in our country every day.   We will continue to stand strongly with American workers, American  families, small businesses, as well as our allies around the world. And  we will fight back against these policies that have led to the  devastation and destruction across this country.    