 Mr. President, I thank Senator Durbin for his  leadership, and following my colleague and friend, Senator Lee, I  disagree with him vehemently about Vanita Gupta. She is someone I have  worked closely with for years on voting rights, on police reform, and  just last year I marched with her across the Edmund Pettus Bridge with  the late John Lewis to mark the 55th anniversary of Bloody Sunday in  Selma, AL.   After working alongside her to build a more just system, I have no  doubt that she will take this job on with two words, two words that I  think are so important right now to build trust with the people of this  country: honor and integrity. That is what has marked her career.   As a civil rights lawyer, public servant, and as President of the  Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the Nation's oldest,  largest, and most diverse civil and human rights coalition, she has a  record of fighting for all Americans, with dedication, consistency,  and--and--a willingness to work across ideological lines to achieve  results.   Why did she get those police endorsements and the kind of support  that she got, even though she was taking on reform? It is because she  earned people's respect. She is the right person for the right time in  the Justice Department, and I say this coming from Minnesota, where my  State is reeling after the killing of Duante Wright.   Our hearts break for Daunte's family and for our community, which is  still in the midst of the George Floyd murder trial of Derek Chauvin. I  was so proud and am so proud of the ordinary citizens that came forward  and testified from my State: a clerk in the store, a man walking by,  all of them having carried the burden--the burden--of this murder,  looking inside themselves thinking: What could I have done better?   And that case will soon conclude, but those citizens coming forward  and actually the law enforcement coming forward and testifying at all  levels of law enforcement for the prosecution of Derek Chauvin--that  meant something to the people of my State. I want to be able to go back  and tell those citizens who testified that you don't carry this burden  alone; that we have a Justice Department that is going to stand up for  you.   And, for me, one of those key people is Vanita Gupta. She is exactly  who we need right now to champion the cause of equal justice under the  law.   She has described the Department as an institution she loves dearly  because, as she said, it bears the name of a value--justice--one that  carries a unique charge and North Star. It is the sacred keeper of the  promise of equal justice under the law, and coming from the North Star  State, that means a lot.   Her commitment to defending the Constitution and upholding the  integrity of this important Agency is, for her, a professional calling.  It is also a personal calling. As she has described, she inherited from  her parents, who came to this country, a belief in the promise of  America, one that carries with it a personal responsibility to make  this country better for everyone.   We all know immigrants who think like that every day--people who have  just arrived and people who have raised their families here. They are  Vanita Gupta. There is no question that Ms. Gupta has the experience  for this job.   As an attorney for the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, she  worked on the frontlines, fighting in court to protect the civil rights  of some of the most vulnerable people. Later, at the American Civil  Liberties Union, she brought cases on behalf of immigrant children and  worked to end mass incarceration while keeping communities safe.  [[Page S1968]]    While serving as our country's chief civil rights prosecutor at the  Department of Justice, during the Obama administration, she led  critical work on criminal justice reform, prosecuting hate crimes and  human trafficking, defending the right to vote, and protecting the  rights of the LGBTQ community and those with disabilities.   Ms. Gupta's depth of experience at the Department of Justice and her  years as a civil rights attorney make her imminently qualified to serve  as Associate Attorney General. In that position, she will oversee the  work of the Department's Civil Rights Division and will help direct the  Department's work to reform our justice system. Having helped to lead  the Federal review of police practices, she understands the need for  systemic reform in our justice system, as well as ways to work with law  enforcement--with law enforcement--to make necessary changes.   That is why she has the support of police chiefs, sheriffs, and major  law enforcement groups across the country, including the National  Sheriffs' Association, including the International Association of  Chiefs of Police, and including the Major Cities Chiefs Association.  They know that Ms. Gupta is a trusted partner who, as the Fraternal  Order of Police wrote in a letter of support, has ``always worked with  us to find common ground even when that seemed impossible.''   Grover Norquist, a Republican and president of Americans for Tax  Reform, described Ms. Gupta as ``an honest broker; someone with an  ability not only to understand but also appreciate different  perspectives. She was someone who sought consensus,'' he said. That is  exactly the kind of person we need at the Department right now.   I look forward to working with her on the next steps in our efforts  to reform our criminal justice system, which we were able to discuss at  her hearing. We talked about her commitment to police reform and the  need to increase funding for alternatives to incarceration, such as  drug court, which is something I have worked on for years since my time  as county attorney, and her support for conviction integrity units to  help States to review legal cases for people believed to be innocent.  She gets that the work of a prosecutor is, yes, working for safety, but  it is also to be a minister of justice and to make sure that people are  treated equally under the law.   I also have talked to Ms. Gupta about the urgent need to finally  reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act, which I hope my colleagues  and I will work to pass and get to President Biden's desk. In the Obama  administration, she coordinated the Department of Justice's efforts to  develop guidance supported by data on how law enforcement can prevent  gender bias when responding to sexual assault and domestic violence. At  our hearing, she affirmed the important role that the Department has in  protecting victims of domestic violence, and I look forward to working  with her on these issues.   As chair of the Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and  Consumer Rights, I am also pleased that Ms. Gupta committed to make  vigorous antitrust enforcement a priority. I think there is agreement  from both sides of the aisle that robust competition is essential to  protect consumers, workers, and businesses, large and small.   I am confident that Ms. Gupta will lead the Department's efforts to  confront monopoly power and restore competitive markets along with Lisa  Monaco and along with, of course, the Attorney General himself, Merrick  Garland.   Ms. Gupta's history as a champion of civil rights and record as a  consensus builder makes her, as I said, the right person at the right  time. She has the backing of more than 220 national civil and human  rights organizations, including the ACLU, the NAACP, and the Human  Rights Campaign.   She has, as I said, the support from law enforcement and from former  Department of Justice leaders from both parties. She is a person who  works to bring people together to get big things done. That is what we  need right now, someone who sees that vision but also understands that  the way we get to justice is by doing things step by step by step and  bringing people with you as you march along. We need to do more than  restore what has been undermined or lost. We need the courage of  leadership to preserve and strengthen our democracy by protecting the  rule of law.   I would like to finally acknowledge that her nomination is historic.  In addition to Ms. Gupta's years of experience, dedication to justice,  and support from across the ideological spectrum, she will be the first  civil rights lawyer and the first woman of color to serve as Associate  Attorney General. I look forward to confirming her to be Associate  Attorney General, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   