 Mr. President, I rise to speak about the bill in front  of us.   For a long time, the people in Michigan have been waiting. For years,  they have been told it is ``infrastructure week.'' Unfortunately, for  all the talk, Michigan's infrastructure remains weak.   This lack of investment has real cost for our businesses and our  communities and our families. I am thinking of the single mom who  drives to work every day and can't afford to keep making car repairs  caused by massive potholes, an everyday occurrence.   I am thinking of the small business whose deliveries keep being  delayed because of the weight limits on a nearby bridge.   I am thinking of the farmer who wants to harness the power of  precision agricultural to include his bottom line. Unfortunately, he  can't because his internet is too slow.   And I am thinking of that farmer's children, who need the internet to  keep up with their school work, but struggle to find a good connection.   I am thinking of all the folks who would love to choose electric the  next time they buy a car, but worry about finding a charging station.   And I am thinking of the kids in Flint and families across the  country, who should never have to worry that the water coming out of  their kitchen sink is unsafe after traveling through lead pipes or  becoming contaminated by PFAS.   All these folks want some investment in that infrastructure. And now,  1,656 days after President Trump was sworn in and promised swift action  to rebuild our infrastructure, President Joe Biden, working with a  hard-working group of Democrats and Republican Members in the Senate,  is leading us to get this done.   My colleagues on both sides of the aisle and their hard-working staff  members deserve to take a bow. This legislation is chockful of  bipartisan wins that will strengthen our country from Seattle to  Saginaw, to Sarasota, and communities of every size in between.   This legislation isn't just going to finally fix our cracking roads  and crumbling bridges and spotty internet; it is going to create good  jobs, tackle the climate crisis, help us remain competitive with other  countries around the world that aren't sitting around waiting for us to  catch up.   As a Michigan driver, one of the parts I am most excited about is the  money to fix our roads and bridges.   Hey, Governor Whitmer, now you can get some help to fix those roads.   And because we are the Great Lakes State, transportation in Michigan  doesn't just mean trucks and trains and cars. This bill uses $11.7  billion to modernize infrastructure, such as the aging Soo Locks--so  critical to our economy, for the country, and for the Great Lakes  region.   And it includes $1 billion for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative  to clean up contamination, restore wetlands, and fight invasive  species.   I want to thank my partner and cochair of the Great Lakes Restoration  Caucus, Senator Portman, for working on this. That is the single  largest investment ever made in the Great Lakes Initiative.   This will make a big dent in resolving areas of concern, like the  Detroit River and the Rouge River, which were polluted decades ago.   While we are on the subject of water, it is way past time for  Michigan families and families across the country to feel confident  that the water coming from their taps is safe to drink, and this bill  takes critical steps toward achieving just that. It includes $15  billion to replace lead pipes, and another $10 billion to tackle the  PFAS contamination that plagues our communities all over Michigan, as  well as the country.   Healthy families and a healthy economy also require high-speed  internet. We are in 2021. The past 18 months proved that as our whole  lives moved online. We saw all of the gaps in high-speed internet  services across the country. So I am very pleased that this bill  includes $65 billion to ensure that folks can get connected whether  they live a block from Gratiot Avenue or 25 miles from Highway 31.   This bill also takes action to change the trajectory of the climate  crisis and invest in more resilient infrastructure. It invests in  charging infrastructure so that folks who have been thinking  [[Page S5699]]  about buying that new F-150 Lightning or a Chevy Volt or a Jeep  Wrangler can make the leap to electric with confidence. We can't wait  any longer because China certainly isn't waiting.   Because this legislation also includes my Make It in America Act that  I introduced with Senator Braun, the American taxpayer dollars we will  be investing will go to American manufacturers and American workers. It  adds new guardrails so that Federal Agencies can't buy products made in  Mumbai instead of Monroe, MI, when those products are available in  Michigan. It also calls for products purchased by Federal Agencies to  be incorporating more domestic content. It makes the Made in America  Director and the Made in America Office a permanent part of the Office  of Management and Budget. That will ensure that American workers and  American jobs receive preference regardless of who sits in the Oval  Office.   This legislation doesn't just benefit big companies; it also calls  for Agencies to use the Manufacturing Extension Partnership, which is  extremely effective in Michigan and across the country. That means  small- and medium-sized manufacturers will have more opportunities to  sell their products to the Federal Government and provide materials for  federally funded infrastructure projects, including all those roads and  bridges we will be rebuilding.   I have often said of the farm bill that it has Michigan on every  page. I have got to say this bill comes pretty darned close.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, to invest in  America, and to finally get Infrastructure Week translated into action.   I yield the floor.   