 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.   The VICE PRESIDENT. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, this afternoon, we will have before  us, as Members of the Senate, legislation that is entitled the For the  People Act.   Before I speak to the For the People Act, S. 1, I want to make clear  to colleagues that I have been keenly focused, interested in ensuring  that when we have elections in this country, that they are free, they  are fair and they are accessible to all, that barriers to voting should  be placed on the sidelines.   For the past three sessions of Congress now, I have been the only  Republican cosponsor of the Voting Rights Advancement Act. This was a  measure that in prior Congresses was led by Senator Leahy, and I was  pleased to be able to join him as a cosponsor. That measure has now  been introduced on the House side as the John Lewis Voting Rights Act,  a measure to basically reestablish the preclearance system, which was  in place until 2013, and then it was pretty much upended with the  Supreme Court ruling in Shelby.   I certainly and absolutely intend to cosponsor that measure again  under its new name, the John Lewis Voting Rights Act. I will work with  Senator Leahy, I will work with Senator Manchin--I will work with  anybody on this initiative to help update this formula to ensure that  we do have just exactly that, access to voting that is equal, that is  fair, that is free from discrimination.   I note at the outset of my comments this morning the support for that  legislation so that, again, folks understand that I fully understand  that access to the ballot in this country is not perfect and, again,  that I have stood behind legislation to ensure that our elections  [[Page S4673]]  are fair. We have come a long way. We have come a long way, but I think  we all recognize that there is a long path ahead of us.   So let me turn to S. 1, the For the People Act. My fear is that this  measure does not move us further down the path. If you look at the  bill, it is wholly partisan. Unlike the John Lewis Voting Rights Act,  which is very narrowly focused on voting rights, S. 1 has been  described as sprawling. It has been described as ambitious, which is  fair. Ambitious is not a bad thing, but it is clearly, clearly very  broad, and it certainly contains some noteworthy goals, but I fear that  there are provisions contained within S. 1 that take it too far or that  I think are bad policy or that I simply think are beyond the power of  Congress to regulate.   My concern, and I shared this with many, is that the bill that we  have in front of us is not so much about voting rights as it is a  Federal takeover of the election system--and a partisan Federal  takeover of the election system.   The way the bill is being advertised--that somehow or another, we  can't count on States to do elections right or fairly--is a premise  that I have a problem with. I come from a State where we were under  preclearance for a long period of time. We recognize that. We had a  history that was not one that I think we were proud of in terms of  ensuring that there was fair and open, equal access to all. But what we  have seen in the State and how we have worked through that process that  was in place some years back is that we have come to this place where  we can--we have demonstrated that we can run a proper and an honest  election. We have proven this time and again.   Much of my concern about what we have in front of us is that when you  nationalize something, when you have kind of a Federal overall  oversight, it ends up being a one-size-fits-all mandate coming out of  Washington, DC, and in many cases doesn't work in a place like Alaska.   There are certain aspects of S. 1 that I absolutely do support. Early  voting. We shouldn't be limited to just the day of the election. I  think we recognize that. What we can do to ensure that early voting is  there I think is important to us.   I come from a State where, if you want to vote absentee, there is no  excuse required. You can just vote absentee because it is more  convenient to you. I will tell you, I was really surprised to find out  how many States do not allow for that. I think that is something we  need to address. I am in support of that.   I think we need to be doing more when it comes to ease of voter  registration. Again, in the State of Alaska, we have put in place ways  to make it easier for folks to register. But, again, I am looking at  what we have done in Alaska, proud of some of the measures we have put  in place, but I recognize that we did this without DC prescriptives or  mandates of uniformity.   So in walking through some of the concerns that I have--I mentioned  making voter registration easier. Well, the For the People Act mandates  automatic voter registration. OK. Maybe a good idea. In Alaska, what we  have put in place is that Alaskans are automatically registered--unless  they specifically opt out, they are automatically registered to vote  when they sign up for their Permanent Fund dividend. This is obviously  very exclusive and unique to one State and one State alone. But under  this measure that we have in front of us, it would require State  election officials to automatically register any eligible unregistered  citizens.   So I am looking at that and I am saying: All right, well, if we allow  for automatic registration on the PFD--there are a lot of Alaskans,  believe it or not, who do not sign up for the PFD or are not eligible  for the PFD. So is the State going to have to have two different  systems here in terms of how we meet this mandate?   I am looking at it and saying: Well, that is a fair amount of Federal  micromanagement here. If the State wants to implement an automatic  system, it should do so, as Alaska did, but without the threat of the  Federal Government looming behind them, making sure the i's are dotted  and the t's are crossed in precisely the way the Election Assistance  Commission thinks they should be. I don't think we want to make the  administration of elections involve even more burdensome efforts or  more cost. It is something that you look at and say: Let's make sure we  can allow for easier registration, but let's not impose burdensome  mandates.   Early voting requirements is another issue. The bill requires at  least 15 days of early voting. This is something, again, in Alaska that  we already do. It works great, but it also requires that each polling  place must be open for at least 10 hours a day. So we are basically  back here in Washington, DC, telling us in Alaska that you have to have  your polling place open for 10 hours a day.   Think about this in the context of a small community. I will take a  super small community, Arctic Village. About 150 people total live  there in the village--not 150 voters but 150 people total. It wouldn't  make sense. It wouldn't make sense for the State to maintain poll  workers for at least 10 hours per day, for at least 15 days, in a  community like Arctic Village. The whole town can practically vote in  an hour. But that is not the point here. The point is, you are imposing  a Federal mandate in a one-size-fits-all approach that just might not  fit well there.   One provision in the bill that I have some significant concerns about  is requiring same-day voter registration across the country. Again, in  Alaska, we think we have been doing a pretty fair job as to how we run  our elections. I think it is reasonable that we be allowed to establish  voter registration deadlines that work for the administrators in their  respective States.    I know some people are surprised, but the fact is, we don't know  everything best back here in terms of how to implement or how States  should be implementing. States should have the latitude to implement a  registration system that works with the State's geography, with their  IT infrastructure, and with their election funding and other  limitations they may have.   Forcing States to allow ballot harvesting--this is another area I  have a problem with. This practice involves paid campaign operatives  going out, collecting ballots, and returning them to be counted. I  don't know. I look at this one and see so many ways in which this can  be abused and exploited.   If a State wants to permit this practice with certain parameters that  the State thinks would prevent abuses, that is fine, but not all States  should be forced to do so by the Federal Government and be made subject  to DC's idea of what actually works here.   Maintaining voter rolls. I think we all want to make sure that voting  rolls are current or accurate, but the provisions in S. 1 really go  very far. The bill would require States to secure ``objective and  reliable evidence.'' This is a term that is not actually defined in the  bill, and they have to be able to establish that before removing a  voter. What is not considered objective and reliable is a failure to  vote or the failure of a voter to respond to a notice sent by the State  informing the voter that they have been removed. So you are going to  have a situation here where this undefined term will result in people  who have long since left the jurisdiction actually remaining on the  voter rolls.   Then there is the issue of restructuring the Federal Election  Commission. From its very inception, this was designed to be--this was  meant to be a body that was bipartisan to specifically ensure that no  political party would grant its candidates an unfair advantage in  elections. So you have got a restructuring that is proposed here that I  think presents a flaw. It would reduce the number of seats on the FEC  from six to five, two members each from the two major political parties  and one ostensibly Independent. So what this could mean is that a  President could simply find someone who would vote in his or her favor  each time but who never registered as a member of a particular  political party.   This newly partisan FEC would also be given the responsibility of  handing out loads of cash from the public coffers. I take issue with  this, and I think that you have a fair amount of folks in my State and  across the country who do take issue with that as well in terms of  public funding.   S. 1 creates a new structure of public financing of campaigns that  matches  [[Page S4674]]  small dollar donations on a 6-to-1 basis. So I look at that, and,  again, I have concerns about why anyone thinks it is a good idea to  have even more money in politics. But it is easy to me to see how this  could be exploited by a partisan board holding the purse strings here.  So, again, I look at that as a particular example of, what are we doing  with this in this voting rights bill?   I mentioned in my introduction here that I feel that you have many  provisions in this measure that are likely unconstitutional. To start,  while Congress has broad authority to regulate the times, places, and  manner of congressional elections, our powers are much more limited in  how a State chooses to appoint electors to the electoral college.  There, we may only determine the time of choosing electors and the day  on which they should give their vote. So every provision that  purportedly changes State laws regarding how a State chooses its  electors could face significant and I think justified challenges in  court.   There are numerous provisions that try to criminalize speech that is  almost certainly protected. Even the ACLU opposed several parts of this  bill on the grounds that it would unconstitutionally limit the speech  of citizens as well as compel speech, neither of which is acceptable.  Just 2 years ago, the Fourth Circuit invalidated a law that was nearly  identical to a provision that is contained in this bill.   Another issue is the issue of tax returns and whether or not Congress  can mandate candidates for President to release their tax returns. I  think it is only reasonable that they should do so, but the concern  that I have is, the Constitution is really pretty clear in outlining  the requirements to be President, and releasing tax documents is not  one of those. So it just kind of presents a challenge there. Can we  direct that? There is an issue.   Requiring States to create redistricting commissions may also be  unconstitutional since Congress cannot coerce or commandeer the  mechanisms of State government. Congress also likely doesn't have the  authority to require States to permit convicted felons to vote or the  ability to impose an ethics code on the Justices of the Supreme Court.   So while these may be good ideas, is the constitutional authority  there? I think there is a real question to that.   So my concern--and I am coming to the end of my comments here--my  concern about this measure is that while the title is strong, ``For the  People,'' I am not certain that this measure will do what those who  have hoped that it would do will do--it will make administering  elections more difficult, more expensive, and subject to Federal  micromanagement.   Again, I mentioned the issue of questions of constitutionality and  whether aspects of it will be thrown out. Passing this into law could  result in messy litigation that leaves the state of election law  uncertain for years to come.   I mentioned my concern about one-size-fits-all. That is challenging.  We are a pretty amazing 50 States, but we are all a little bit unique.  But how States have leeway or latitude in determining what works I  think is important.   So I recognize that we are at a place and a time when credibility and  faith in our institutions are at a really weak moment, a very weak  moment, and so when we think about the things that are core to our  institutions, one of those fundamentals is the fairness of our  elections and also ensuring that we are taking an approach in this  Nation where all people feel that the election process is for them as  equal and fair as it is for their neighbor down the street or their  fellow American all the way across the country. How we are able to  deliver on this promise is something that we need to continue to strive  toward.    So I am going to continue to work on voting rights reform. I am going  to be doing that through the template of the John Lewis Voting Rights  Act. Americans need to have faith in our institutions. They need to  know that our elections are fair; that they are easy and accessible for  all; and we can't instill that trust with a wholly partisan effort. We  have got some work to do. We have got a lot of work to do, and it is  important work.   I yield the floor.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Colorado.   