 Mr. President, today, I want to recognize a friend  of mine, Susan Meuschke, who is the Executive Director of the Nevada  Coalition to End Domestic and Sexual Violence. She is retiring after  three decades working on behalf of women and children in my home State  of Nevada.   Sue has been a champion for victims of domestic violence and their  families since she worked as a volunteer for the Committee to Aid  Abused Women in Reno, NV. It was there--listening to the stories of  women dealing with family violence--that she began to understand both  their struggles and their courage.   Sue went on to work with the coalition for 32 years, helping develop  it into a powerful organization statewide for those affected by  domestic and sexual violence.   I have had the pleasure of working with Sue since I was Nevada's  attorney general, and together we passed legislation to create  dedicated funding for domestic violence programs. She has continued to  be a resource for me during my time in the U.S. Senate, as I have  worked to prevent sex trafficking, to stem the tide of violence against  Native women, and push for the reauthorization of the Violence Against  Women Act.   During the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, I pushed to make sure  that our next COVID package included more support for survivors of  domestic violence. Sue worked to distribute those Federal funds fairly  and effectively to Nevadans, and she worked especially hard to promote  a microloan program that families could use to regain financial  independence.   As Sue enters her retirement, I want to make sure everyone in Nevada  appreciates her decades of advocacy. She has made a profound difference  for families in the Silver State. I have no doubt that whoever succeeds  Sue at the coalition will continue to work tirelessly to end domestic  and sexual violence, because, honestly, we still have so much work to  do.   That is why I am here on the Senate floor today. The reality is that  women's rights are under attack around the country, and that includes  reproductive rights. Anti-abortion extremists are going to great  lengths to stop women from seeking reproductive care. As of June, they  had proposed 500 new laws restricting reproductive rights and passed 70  of these laws.   Let's start with Texas, where a new law prohibits abortions before  many people even know they are pregnant. The law lets anyone sue those  who aid and abet abortions and get a $10,000 reward. It has the  potential to create a whole industry of vigilantes prying into their  neighbors' lives, all to stop women from being able to access  reproductive healthcare.   The American people--70 percent of us--oppose deputizing private  citizens to collect these kinds of bounties.   But even though the Texas law is extreme, the Supreme Court has  refused to stop it from going into effect. That means that, right now,  7 million women of reproductive age in Texas have been deprived of a  key constitutional right, a right that they have had for 50 years.   Clinics in Oklahoma City, OK, and Little Rock, AR, have seen the  number of Texas women seeking abortions jump tenfold in a matter of  days.   But it is not just Texas where the right to medical care is  threatened. Dangerous abortion bans have been signed into law in  Mississippi, Arizona, and Georgia, among others. And all of this is  happening because anti-abortion extremists have been working for  decades to limit women's choices.   Let's be very clear: they are on the brink of success. On December 1,  the Supreme Court is set to hear oral arguments in a case called Dobbs  v. Jackson Women's Health, which deals with an abortion ban in  Mississippi. This case was specifically chosen by anti-choice activists  to help strike down Roe v. Wade.   Sadly, the Court has given every signal it is willing to do the  activists' bidding by overturning Roe v. Wade and allowing these bans  to take effect. That is why I and 47 of my Senate colleagues filed a  friend of the court brief last week, calling on the Supreme Court to  stick to the settled precedent of Roe and strike down the Mississippi  law.   But if the Supreme Court doesn't abide by 50 years of its own  rulings, well, there are 19 States where abortion would be illegal the  day after a Supreme Court ruling overturning Roe V. Wade, and others  where abortion bans would likely follow.   All in all, nearly half of women nationwide will see the nearest  clinic close. The average distance to the nearest clinic for those  seeking reproductive care will jump from 25 to 279 miles. Anyone who  has ever worked a minimum-wage job knows that they don't have the  luxury of traveling hundreds of miles for healthcare.   Women's healthcare isn't optional. Nevadans know this. That is why we  worked so hard in Nevada to protect the right to choose.   In the nineties, we passed a ballot initiative to enshrine choice  into law, and we have actually done away with the kind of restrictions  on abortion that are popping up in State after State.   But what we are seeing in Texas and other States across the country  threatens the future of Roe V. Wade everywhere. Let me be clear: It  threatens the future of Roe V. Wade everywhere. And without Roe, there  will be no Federal protections in place, paving the way for anti-choice  lawmakers to pass legislation to restrict reproductive rights anywhere  in the country.   And that is why it is so important for the Senate to pass the Women's  Health Protection Act. This bill would outlaw bans in other medically  unnecessary restrictions on abortion across the country. It would mean  that States could not impose medically unnecessary ultrasounds,  excessive waiting periods, and extreme burdens on  [[Page S6770]]  healthcare providers intended to limit abortion access.    In Nevada and across the country, the vast majority of voters  believes that women should get to make their own decisions about their  reproductive health, including when and whether to have a child. We  cannot let a dedicated minority take that right away from the rest of  us.   Let me just say, I am going to keep working on this issue because it  is so important to Nevadans and to women all over this country. This is  about making sure that women can control their own bodies and their  futures, and I will always stand up for that.   I yield the floor.   