 Mr. President, it is indeed a pleasure to be on the  floor, even though it is a little bit late on a Sunday evening, but to  be here with colleagues that we have spent probably more time with one  another than we have with our families, our spouses, our roommates, and  what have you. But we have been working to build a product not only  that we are proud to stand behind but a product that I believe the  American public will be proud of the work that we have put into this-- work not just of this group but, again, the broader group of 22.   And also we recognize the very solid work that comes from our  committees. We recognize all that was built at the committee level to  help kick-start in so many different--in so many different--areas, but  also to build the base of much of this infrastructure bill that we have  in front of us today.  [[Page S5238]]    My friend and colleague from West Virginia, Senator Manchin, the  chairman of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee--when we started  to sit down and focus on what we were going to do with infrastructure,  the necessity for a power piece was important. It was critical to what  we were building. And so the committee went to work, put together, I  think, a good product that moved out of the committee on a bipartisan  basis, and that served as really the base for the title that is part of  this measure, building on the energy act that we moved out of this body  last year.   So the work that has gone into it has been a collaborative process  throughout the way--very much an iterative process, as I might add, as  well.   But I think we recognize that the good, solid work that has been put  into this to date is just really the beginning of bringing in more of  the efforts and input from our colleagues from this body from around  the country.   You know, when you think about infrastructure, infrastructure  connects us. Infrastructure brings us together. And so whether you are  from a rural State, like mine, or from an urban State, like the  occupant of the Chair, when we are able to move safely and efficiently,  when we are able to communicate affordably and quickly and efficiently,  when we are able to ensure that our systems are all working together,  this is what makes us the strong, competitive Nation that we are.   So there is extraordinary policy in this product, but the process  that has gotten us here this evening is one that, while hard and  arduous, as the Senator from Arizona has noted, this is what we come  here to do. We have come here to do the hard work, to do the necessary  work. And tonight we are at that place where we can begin to take up  the infrastructure product that we have been working on for months now  and what the country is waiting for deserves.   With that, I turn to my friend and colleague from West Virginia.   