 Mr. Speaker, this week, when law enforcement officers  testified before the Select Committee to Investigate the January 6th  attack on the Capitol, the country saw what we know: that these  officers are heroes.   We thank all who answered the call on January 6th for their valor  that dark day. They risked their lives for others. Hundreds were beaten  and physically harmed. Some became martyrs for democracy.   The four law enforcement heroes who testified this week were courage  and truth personified. And their testimony has moved the Senate to,  finally, act.   Today, I rise in support of this emergency security supplemental  funding bill, which will honor the service and sacrifice of the Capitol  Police, as it keeps the Capitol and Congressional community safe.   This legislation is long-overdue. And, unfortunately, it is under- funded by billions of dollars, and it falls short of what is needed.   But we cannot wait a day longer to act, so the House plans to pass  it.   Over two months ago, in May, the House honored our heroes by passing  our strong emergency supplemental. Our bill was based on the facts and  findings of briefings, hearings, and reviews, including:   the report that I asked General Honore and his team of experts to  lead in the immediate aftermath of the insurrection,   and the Inspector General's reports to the Committee House  Administration led by Chair Zoe Lofgren.   Unfortunately, the Senate's legislation fails to include many of the  recommendations of these reports that were included in our bill.   In particular, it is disappointing that it does not include funding  for bonuses for institutional workers or for a new Quick Reaction  Force, among other steps.   However, this bill is an important first step, as it helps harden the  Capitol, provide some of the costs of the insurrection and support the  Capitol Police.   Passing this legislation does not end our work to keep the Capitol  safe. Again, this is a first step. The House will continue to work to  enact the recommendations of the Honore report, through other avenues  if needed.   We must come to a time when families and children can visit the  Capitol, lawmakers can do our jobs, press can report, and the Capitol  can function and serve the American people--all with safety and  respect.   I urge a strong and hopefully bipartisan vote for this security  supplemental.   