 Madam President, let me start by asking unanimous  consent that the vote on the motion to discharge the Lhamon nomination  occur at 3:30 p.m. today.    Madam President, I rise today to talk about the  opportunity we have before us to deliver results for the people we work  for.   Right now, too many Americans are struggling to make ends meet and  get ahead because of the cost and availability of childcare,  healthcare, home care, and prescription drugs.   In my home State of Wisconsin, people like Zena, a human resources  representative from Twin Lakes, needs us to pass the Build Back Better  Budget that invests in working families.   Zena has been battling several severe autoimmune diseases, and she  has been battling this for more than 15 years. She fell very ill after  contracting norovirus, and she was unable to work and ultimately lost  her job, as well as her employer-sponsored healthcare that came with  it.   Sick and uninsured, she turned to our State's BadgerCare program for  help. But because the Republicans in the Wisconsin State Legislature  have refused a Federal investment to fully expand Medicaid coverage,  Zena was locked out of the program and unable to access necessary  healthcare coverage. Like millions of Americans, Zena found herself in  the Medicaid coverage gap and was forced to make choices that no one  living in the United States should have to face, choices like paying  for life-sustaining medication or paying her mortgage.    Right now, the people we work for are paying two to three times more  for their prescription drugs than people in  [[Page S6973]]  other wealthy countries. This needs to change, and we have an  opportunity to get the job done if we simply make the superwealthy and  most profitable corporations, like the big drug companies, pay their  fair share of taxes.   For years, Congress has been talking about lowering the cost of  prescription drugs, so let's finally do it by giving Medicare the power  to negotiate lower prescription drug prices that will save taxpayers  money. Let's stand on the side of seniors, who should no longer be at  the mercy of Big Pharma.   In addition to lowering the cost of needed medications, our Build  Back Better budget provides the opportunity to expand Medicare benefits  to include vision, dental, and hearing. The last time I checked, your  ears, eyes, and teeth are all a part of your overall health, and there  is no good reason not to include them in Medicare coverage.   Right now, the United States is also in the midst of a long-term care  and caregiving crisis. Hundreds of thousands of older adults and people  with disabilities who need and qualify for home- and community-based  care services are unable to access them. I know something about this. I  was my grandmother's caregiver, and I know firsthand the challenges  that family caregivers face.   But we can do something about this, and we should, with Build Back  Better legislation that invests in long-term care; creates new, good- paying home-care jobs; and raises wages for care workers who often work  around the clock to care for our loved ones yet live in poverty.   All of this and more is doable if Washington finally says we are not  going to continue spending trillions of taxpayer dollars on tax  loopholes and tax giveaways for huge, profitable corporations,  millionaires, and billionaires.   This is all to say that we face an urgent choice: Do we work for the  powerful special interests who have too much influence in Washington,  or do we work for people like Zena and others like her who simply look  for a little help from us to even the playing field and to get ahead?   This is our moment to prove to the American people--to people like  Zena--that their government works for them, not just those at the top.  I have faith that we can do this for Zena, for Wisconsin, and for the  millions of Americans counting on us to get the job done for them.   I yield.   