 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman so very,  very much for that question. It really has been a joy working with him  on the Ways and Means Committee. It has been an education, and it has  also been an opportunity to do those things that he has indicated that  are close to my heart, and that is to create some equities for women  and children.   I want to just thank Representative Sheila Jackson Lee for anchoring  this extremely important conversation with the American people today.   One of the things that has been disturbing me about this entire  debate is that people seem to really want to make some sort of bright- line demarcation or differentiation between the bipartisan  infrastructure bill--which will create economic opportunities, get rid  of those darned lead pipes, expand broadband, create good union jobs,  help create some great jobs for guys--and the Build Back Better  initiative, as if that is some sort of welfare, a giveaway. Social  spending is what it is referred to, a safety net.   So what I wanted to seek from you, a clarification from you, Mr.  Horsford, particularly since you were appointed by the Committee on  Ways and Means, along with our colleagues, Representatives Sewell and  Gomez, to look at our racial equity issue. Of course, we know that  African Americans and Latinos are more likely to be poor, have a  greater wealth gap, and lack of educational opportunities, so that when  we think that we are investing in their improvement, that somehow it is  welfare.   But I would sort of want you to take up the argument where you left  it with regard to some of the economic problems that we are  experiencing. There are major complaints in our country about a  slowdown in economic growth. What good is it to just grow the economy  when only the people at the top get it and it doesn't, excuse me,  trickle down to Rosetta, who is making $10.25 an hour doing the hardest  work on earth there is?   How does the earned income tax credit--I mean, we were taxing, before  we changed this policy, to allow single, hardworking, essential workers  that brought us food during the pandemic, stocked the shelves, we were  taxing them into poverty. They had tax liability before the earned  income tax credit expansion.   Going to work with no healthcare, no health insurance, being unable  to afford it, not having childcare, as you mentioned. Expanded Pell  grants.   Please explain how the Build Back Better plan really improves and  buoys the economic platform upon which the country can improve. The  workforce development initiatives that are in here, I was wondering if  you could elucidate the connection between that and our economy and  sort of diffuse this notion that it is simply a safety net and welfare.    Excellent.    It is going to be great. Madam anchor, I  don't know how much time we have, but I just want to say, I want to  join Mr. Horsford in saying that I am really enthusiastic about voting  for both of these bills, because I do think that it is going to create  a brand-new environment for all of us where we will have workforce  development training for these new technologies on climate and battery  storage.   I am so proud of the African Americans who have been chairs of these  committees, like  Bobby Scott and Eddie Bernice Johnson, Maxine Waters  who put $150 billion in for housing. As was indicated, these things are  going to enable workers to truly participate in the economy. It is  going to help companies, and we are going to build back better.   I yield back to the gentlewoman from Texas.   