 Madam President, I know that we are expecting a vote  shortly. I know the majority leader may come out and make some motions,  and my colleague wants to speak so we are going to try to just move  forward.   I have sent my condolences to the Dole family and thank our colleague  for his heartfelt comments this afternoon.    Madam President, I thank the majority leader for moving  forward on the Rosenworcel nomination and encourage my colleagues to  vote yes.  [[Page S8928]]    I was mentioning the issues of disparity across our country for those  who don't have access to broadband. The Makah Tribe, located on the  northwest point of the Olympic Peninsula, 90 percent of those  households don't have broadband.   I know Ms. Rosenworcel committed to both Senator Wicker and myself  she would work with us on the issue of broadband mapping. I know in one  county in Mississippi, the home of my colleague, that it is estimated  the FCC broadband mapping overestimates internet coverage by a whopping  80 percent. This is unacceptable. We need accurate mapping, and we need  the broadband funding to move forward.   I know the Biden administration understands the importance of  affordability of broadband. I know they want to deploy broadband and  make it more affordable, and we want to work with them to make that  happen.   Chairwoman Rosenworcel also looked at the issue of healthcare and the  fact that the internet is now access to doctors, to medical  information, to monitoring patients, to delivering healthcare, and  keeping the lights on. This is also why I think her nomination is so  important.   She took time to firsthand visit telehealth in Washington--the State  of Washington--and Seattle and saw how we were pushing forward. Yet the  FCC is going to do more in this particular area.   Her leadership, I believe, will help ensure that our spectrum  policies continue to spur innovation and economic prosperity. I know  that she will be able to look forward to these developing technologies  and how best to include innovation, including the next 5G wireless  technology communications.   All of this, I believe, means that we in the United States have a  desire to keep pushing the envelope and to have an FCC that understands  how to resolve these problems.   I ask my colleague to support her nomination and to move forward on  these important policies so we all can work on them together.   I yield the floor.   