 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I am so proud to represent Washington's Eighth Congressional  District, which stretches from the suburbs of Seattle in the west  across the Cascade Mountains into the rich farmland of central  Washington. It is home to some of the Nation's largest agricultural  producers and exporters whose hay, apples, pears, and cherries are in  high demand all around the world.   For more than a year, these exporters have shared with me how  pandemic conditions and the behavior of foreign-owned shipping carriers  are hurting their industries, threatening export markets and  relationships that they have developed over decades.   They often don't know when a ship will be in port, making it  difficult to get their products to the carrier in time. They are forced  to pay additional fees when their products--often perishable ones--have  to wait at the port to be loaded on to a ship.   And shipping carriers are opting to return as many empty containers  to China as possible for fast turnaround and their own bottom line,  rather than accepting U.S. exports. It is better for them financially  to return to China with empty containers to bring back TVs, iPads, and  just about everything else we buy from Amazon versus bringing back  Eighth District hay or agricultural goods. This rejection threatens to  upend our Nation's agricultural industry and relationships built over  decades for years to come.   I was proud to cosponsor the Ocean Shipping Reform Act of 2021  together with Congressmen Garamendi and Johnson. I thank them for their  support. This is a great bipartisan bill  [[Page H7478]]  that will make a real difference for exporters in my district, and I  encourage my colleagues to vote ``yes.''     Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank  Mr. LaMalfa for his kind words and for cosponsoring this bill with me.   My bill, the National Forest Restoration and Remediation Act will  help the Forest Service fund the cleanup of damaged public lands.   This bipartisan legislation, which passed unanimously out of the  Committee on Agriculture would allow the Forest Service to collect and  keep interest earned on settlement funds, much like other Federal  agencies do, in order to supplement their already strained restoration  efforts.   The Forest Service is responsible for overseeing the remediation and  restoration of lands damaged by mining activities and human-caused  wildfires. And when the negligent actions of companies or individuals  result in damages to Forest Service property, officials enter a  settlement agreement with the responsible parties to hold them  accountable. The Forest Service then uses the settlement funds to  restore the affected lands.   At the moment, the Forest Service does not have the authority to  retain interest on those settlement funds like other Federal agencies,  like the Department of the Interior and the EPA do. The National Forest  Restoration and Remediation Act would simply allow the Forest Service  to retain interest on settlement funds and apply those additional  resources to restoration work that is abundantly needed. Without this  additional funding, the value of settlement funds diminishes over time,  and the Forest Service can face long-term budget shortfalls for  environmental cleanup. If this bill had been in effect between fiscal  years 2015 and 2019, the Forest Service would have received more than  $7.5 million to supplement their environmental restoration work.   So as we confront another potentially devastating wildfire season, it  is so important to ensure that the Forest Service can use accrued  interest to protect and remediate our forests.   The Forest Service provides many important environmental services in  Washington State, including mitigating wildfires and improving forest  health. This is especially critical in places like Chelan County in my  district where 82 percent of the land is owned by the Forest Service.   According to the National Interagency Fire Center, there were over  50,000 human-caused wildfires last year burning nearly six million  acres nationwide. And over half of the wildfires on Forest Service  lands are started by humans.   My bill will ensure that when we hold bad actors accountable for  negligent behavior, the Forest Service can fully use the fines and the  interest to rehabilitate the land.   I was so proud to introduce this bill with my colleagues  Representatives LaMalfa, Rosendale, and Neguse. I urge my colleagues to  support this commonsense bill to protect our Federal public lands.   