 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  958, the Protecting Moms Who Served Act, my bipartisan bill to address  maternal mortality among veterans that I proudly introduced with  Representative Gus Bilirakis and Julia Brownley and Brian Fitzpatrick.   Madam Speaker, the United States is currently confronting a maternal  health crisis. We have the highest maternal mortality rate in the  developed world and significant racial and ethnic disparities in  maternity health outcomes.   Some of the drivers of maternal mortality and morbidity can even be  more common in women who serve. For example, one in three women  veterans report that they experience military sexual trauma, which is  linked with risk factors for pregnancy-related complications. With  unacceptable maternal mortality rates for all U.S. mothers and unique  risks for veterans, we must ensure that the VA is providing the highest  quality maternal healthcare and support to moms who serve.   My bipartisan Protecting Moms Who Served Act would codify VA's  maternity healthcare and coordination programs, which offers screenings  and treatments to pregnant veterans with mental health conditions and  include measures to strengthen community partnerships with  organizations that support new parents.   The VA's maternity care coordination programs have been successful in  ensuring that veterans can receive high-quality, culturally appropriate  care and robust support throughout pregnancy, during labor and  delivery, and for the full yearlong postpartum period and beyond. By  codifying and strengthening these programs, veterans will continue to  receive the world-class care and support that they have earned.   The Protecting Moms Who Served Act would also invest in trainings for  community maternity care providers so that nurses, midwives, and  physicians caring for pregnant and postpartum veterans understand the  unique needs of veteran patients, particularly related to mental and  behavioral health conditions that might have been caused or exacerbated  by military service or the transition back to civilian life. These  trainings will ensure that veterans receive care that is responsive to  the lingering physical and psychological impacts of their service.   Finally, my bill will commission the first-ever comprehensive study  of maternal mortality, morbidity, and racial and ethnic disparities for  veterans. By having a complete understanding of the ways in which our  Nation's maternity health crisis extends to our veteran population, we  can develop evidence-based solutions to improve outcomes and save  veterans' lives.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support the Protecting Moms Who Served Act. I thank the chairman of the  House Committee on Veterans' Affairs, Chairman Takano, for his  leadership to advance this critically important bipartisan  legislation--the first bill in our Black Maternal Health Momnibus Act  to be considered here in the House.   As a cofounder and co-chair of the Black Maternal Health Caucus, I am  committed to advancing each bill in the Momnibus to save moms' lives  and support families.   Madam Speaker, finally, I would also really like to thank--truly, it  has been a pleasure to work with--Representative Bilirakis,  Representative Brownley, Representative Fitzpatrick, and Ranking Member  Bost. Thank you for co-leading this bill with me.   