 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for  his extraordinary leadership as chair of the Armed Services Committee.   He brings us to the floor today for a very special privilege. We in  the House really most of the time do not have too much say as to who  will be a member of the Cabinet. That is, advise and consent  responsibility lies with the Senate. But today, because of the special  nature of the appointee, we are here to talk about a waiver.   As a Member of Congress, again, there is no more serious  responsibility. It is the oath we take to protect and defend. Our  responsibility is to protect the American people. That responsibility  is why we must waste no time ensuring that President Joe Biden's  national defense and national security team is confirmed, ready and  able to keep our country and our people safe.   President Biden selected a highly qualified and widely respected  leader in nominating General Lloyd Austin for Secretary of Defense.  General Austin has led with honor and served with dignity. With over 40  years of decorated Army service, Secretary-designate Austin brings a  great understanding of the challenges facing our Nation's defense and a  deep appreciation for the sacrifice of our military and their families.   The historical circumstances of this nomination, in light of the  deadly insurrection assault on the Capitol, the coronavirus pandemic,  the undermining of the Pentagon by the previous President, and more,  necessitate the expeditious confirmation of this extremely qualified  leader.   I do want to say as a constitutional officer--the Speaker of the  House is a constitutional officer, written into the Constitution--and  as a former leader of the Intelligence Committee, a Democratic leader  of the Intelligence Committee, my commitment to a strong civilian  control of our military, as required by the Constitution, is strong.   It is not an issue with us, Mr. Speaker. It is a value, civilian  control of the military. The Congress' power to grant or withhold an  exemption for recent Active Duty military servicemembers to be the  Secretary of Defense must be treated with gravity and extreme  diligence.   That is why I am so glad that President Biden and General Austin  insisted and met our request to come to speak to Armed Services  Committee members. That did not happen under General Mattis. I am a big  fan of General Mattis, but President Trump said he could not come speak  to the Congress, and that is a big difference. That is a big  difference.   Again, with gratitude to President Biden in recognizing the important  role that the House of Representatives plays in this, I had the  privilege, as have other Members, of hearing from General Austin as  well as the committee today.   By the way, in case you didn't notice, when we are talking about  timetables relating to committee ratios, 2 weeks ago, there was an  insurrection in this Chamber. It was disruptive of the normal pattern  unfolding. We all had to adjust our schedules and address the needs of  our caucuses and this Congress accordingly, in case you didn't notice.   Again, my conversations with the Secretary-designate have assured me  that he understands, respects, and will uphold the critical priority of  civilian control of the military. He has spoken several times to the  chairman of the House Armed Services Committee and members of the  committee and has given similar assurances.   The Secretary-designate has further demonstrated his commitment to  transparency with the Congress, respecting the weight of the decision  that we now make by, as I mentioned, meeting with members of the Armed  Services Committee to discuss this issue earlier today.   In the face of the many threats, both foreign and domestic,  confronting our Nation, it is essential that Secretary-designate Austin  be immediately confirmed. Blocking this waiver would be a mistake that,  among other dangers, would delay the urgent work to be done to restore  the independence and capabilities of the Defense Department, which we  must do as soon as possible.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a strong bipartisan vote to grant this waiver for  Secretary-designate Lloyd Austin to serve as Secretary of Defense. I  salute him for his patriotism, thank him for his heroism, and look  forward to calling him Mr. Secretary.   