 Madam Speaker, here we go again. Just last  week we were here urging our Republican colleagues to help us avert a  government shutdown.   Now, wait for it. We are back because congressional Republicans  refused to pass the government funding bill since it included a  provision to ensure that America pays our bills for debt already  incurred on their watch under the Trump administration.   The brinksmanship and the last-minute, hand-wringing, gut-wrenching  angst that we are put through and that America is put through every  single time when the Republicans just refuse to be fiscally responsible  is jaw dropping.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this clean continuing  resolution because, first and foremost, it will keep government open  through early December. It extends funding for critical education, for  health, for housing and public safety programs.    Secondly, the bill will provide millions of Americans with emergency  assistance to help rebuild from recent hurricanes, wildfires, droughts,  and blizzards.   Third, Afghan evacuees will receive urgent humanitarian assistance to  help them settle here.   And, finally, I thank the gentlewoman from Connecticut, the chair of  the Appropriations Committee, for her help with this, as well as  Speaker Pelosi and Chairman Cartwright. The bill includes $22 million  for the National Institute of Standards and Technology to investigate  the Surfside building collapse in my district.   Madam Speaker, we have years in front of us to determine just exactly  how this building collapse occurred, and to adopt policies to make sure  that it never happens anywhere in the country again.   Now, Republicans voted against all of this last week. We need to pass  this CR today, but we also need to address the debt limit. You know,  Republicans always talk as if the U.S. Government were a business, even  though it is a specious and wildly inaccurate analogy.   Nevertheless, for argument's sake, I ask my Republican colleagues: If  you were running a business and decided not to pay your creditors,  would you think that is a smart business move? How long do you think  your business would remain in business? Not very long.   But at the end of the day, the government is, of course, not a  business. We are the globe's leading economic power, and the dollar is  the world's reserve currency. In many cases, deficit spending by the  U.S. Government can jump-start our economy, support the global economic  system, and quickly create American jobs.   And Republicans seemed to strongly agree with all of this during  every year of the Trump administration, when they passed record-high  budgets and didn't pay for nearly any of it.   Well, I say to my friends, the bill has come due. Let's pass this  continuing resolution today and keep the government open.   And tomorrow, let's stop this legislative vandalism and get  responsible about making sure we pay our bills and raise the debt  ceiling.   