 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5487, the  Stillbirth Health Improvement and Education for Autumn Act, or the  SHINE Act.   For far too long, stillbirth has existed in the shadows of our  maternity care system. Yet, each year, in the United States, about  24,000 babies are stillborn. This is more than 10 times as many deaths  that occur from Sudden Infant Death Syndrome, yet SIDS is much more  recognized and researched than stillbirth.   Due to our failure to invest in stillbirth research, the United  States lags behind 181 nations who are more rapidly reducing their  stillbirth rates than us. And similar to most adverse maternal and  infant outcomes, our minority communities are disproportionately  impacted by this heartbreak.   Also, families who experience a stillbirth tragedy are not well- supported by our healthcare system or their communities. This leaves  families feeling isolated and unprepared to deal with their tragic  loss.   As co-chair of the Congressional Maternity Care Caucus, I am proud to  have worked with my co-chair and author of the bill, Congresswoman  Jaime Herrera Beutler, and my colleagues, Congresswoman Kathy Castor  and Congressman Markwayne Mullin, to introduce the SHINE for Autumn Act  this fall.   And I thank Debbie Haine for sharing her family's story of losing  Autumn, and for her decade-long crusade to shine a Federal spotlight on  this heartbreaking maternal health concern.   The SHINE Act will establish a Perinatal Pathology Fellowship program  at the NIH to increase research on stillbirth. It will provide critical  resources to Federal and State health departments to improve  surveillance and data collection. And it will increase awareness and  understanding of this perinatal tragedy by supporting the development  of educational materials and guidelines for State and local health  departments.   The SHINE Act also directs the Surgeon General to produce a report on  stillbirth risk factors and requires the Secretary of HHS to report on  the progress and effectiveness of the NIH training programs.   Today, this House has the opportunity to bring stillbirth out of the  shadows and to invest in the education and research that will save  babies lives.   I am proud to vote ``yes'' on the SHINE for Autumn Act, and I urge my  colleagues to support this critical legislation.   