 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Meeks, Ranking Member  McCaul, and Ranking Member Smith for bringing this important  legislation encouraging reunions of divided Korean-American families to  the House floor today.   H. Res. 294 is a bipartisan resolution that calls on the United  States and North Korea to begin the process of reuniting Korean- American divided family members with their immediate relatives by  identifying the families in the U.S. and North Korea who are willing  and able to participate, finding matches for members of such families  through organizations such as the Red Cross, and working with the  Government of South Korea to include American citizens in inter-Korean  video reunions.   Both Representative Kim and I have heard or know the awful stories of  constituents who were divided from family members for nearly 70 years.  A couple of years ago I had a constituent in my office who was quite  elderly, and he was very concerned that he actually was not going to  live to see his siblings that he has not been able to see for many  decades.   This resolution also urges the restoration of contact between the  divided families physically, literarily, or virtually, and calls on the  U.S. and North Korea to pursue reunions as a humanitarian priority of  immediate concern.   When the Korean War Armistice Agreement was signed in 1953, it was  meant to be a temporary measure. There has been relative peace between  North and South Korea, but tensions remain volatile, and the border  separating them is heavily militarized. More than 10 million families,  including those who are now U.S. citizens, have been divided, and we  must do everything we can to prevent this from continuing.   Representative Kim and I agree that Korean Americans should not have  to wait another day, let alone another 70 years to meet their family  members who live in North Korea. The bipartisan support shows that this  resolution wants to support the administration and find a sustainable  solution to this important issue.    I want to thank Representative Kim and many of my other colleagues on  both sides of the aisle for cosponsoring H. Res. 294.    Mr. Speaker, once again I thank the chairman and the  ranking member for bringing H.R. 1079, the Desert Locust Control Act to  the House floor today. As chair of the subcommittee, I am glad to  colead this important bill with Ranking Member Smith.   Ranking Member Smith has been the lead on this issue for several  years. The current Desert Locust Control issue, which predominantly  plagues East Africa, is the worst it has been in 70 years, and is  causing serious famine and instability in the region.   During a recent House Foreign Affairs Committee hearing, USAID  Administrator Samantha Power confirmed the need to address the millions  of people facing food scarcity. This is compounded with the global  resurgence of a new COVID-19 variant; although, in Africa, most people  do not yet have access to the vaccine. So this is not just an issue of  a pest; this is an issue that affects health systems, child education,  local economies, and political stability.   H.R. 1079 is a great first step to alleviate the locust problem in  East Africa by aiming to set up an interagency working group to develop  a strategy on combating the locust by meeting periodically and  annually, and reporting progress to Congress. This bill would also  allow the interagency working group to review the effectiveness of  regional and multilateral efforts to control the desert locust outbreak  and the coordination among relevant U.S. Government agencies, regional  governments, and international organizations, including the World Food  Program and the U.N. Food and Agricultural Organization.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Smith for his leadership on this  bill, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support  H.R. 1079.   