 Madam Speaker, I thank Chair DeLauro for her  leadership during this process and for yielding.   The Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies  division of the bill highlights our continued commitment to our  servicemembers and to their families and to our veterans.   Constructing the barracks, bases, and training facilities that our  military needs is crucial to our country's military readiness. Properly  funding the Department of Veterans Affairs is how we deliver on the  promise of medical care and other benefits that our veterans have  earned through service to our Nation.   The Related Agencies, including the American Battle Monuments  Commission and Arlington National Cemetery, demonstrate how we honor  the sacrifices of those who served. That is why I am proud that that  bill contains $124.5 billion in discretionary funding, an $11.4 billion  increase above the enacted funding level, and $1.3 billion above the  President's budget request.   For Military Construction, we provide $10.9 billion for critical  infrastructure on military installations, including for seven new child  development centers, and to address issues such as mold, vermin, and  lead in military family housing.    The bill also invests in climate change and energy resilience at our  military bases and provides $150 million for PFAS cleanup at  contaminated installations.   For VA, this bill provides $113.1 billion in discretionary funding,  including $97.6 billion for medical care that makes record investments  in women's health along with the ``whole health'' model, mental health  and suicide prevention, homelessness assistance, rural health, and  opioid abuse prevention.   The bill significantly boosts funding for VA research to support work  studying areas like toxic exposures and traumatic brain injury, and  infrastructure improvements to ensure modern, safe facilities to treat  our veterans, as well as continued implementation of Electronic Health  Record Modernization and efforts to reduce the disability claims  backlog.   Madam Speaker, I would like to thank Ranking Member Judge Carter and  Ranking Member Granger, I am proud to have you as my partners and  friends. I would like to thank the staff of both subcommittees and our  personal offices.   This is a good bill and does right by our servicemembers, their  families, and our veterans. It also benefits Floridians and advances  our Democratic priorities.   The Labor-Health bill includes $6 million, an increase of $1 million  for the EARLY Act legislation that I authored that educates young and  at-risk women about breast cancer. It also includes language to  implement my PALS Act to extend breast cancer screening for women 40 to  49 without co-pay until January 2025.   The Agriculture bill includes important report language and funding  for response to citrus greening disease, as well as language and  funding to strengthen the regulation of e-cigarettes.   The Energy and Water bill includes a record increase for climate- conscious clean energy programs, and a record $350 million for  Everglades restoration. This is $100 million over the enacted level,  but I know we can do more.   The Financial Services bill also includes $2 million, an increase of  $700,000 for the Virginia Graeme Baker Pool and Spa Safety Act program,  which I authored to prevent childhood drownings.   Additionally, the Interior-Environment bill includes language that  orders a full environmental review on oil drilling applications in Big  Cypress National Preserve, and further blocks offshore oil or gas  drilling in new coastal areas.   The Transportation-Housing bill includes $300 million for the Port  Infrastructure Development Program, a $70 million increase, which will  help Florida's ports recover from COVID-19.   And, finally, this package includes many of my community funding  projects. I am proud to support this package.   