 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, as a mother and aunt--and now a great aunt--to a dozen  little  [[Page H1760]]  ones, I know there is nothing more important than keeping our children  and loved ones safe. From a young age, we tell our children to wear  their seatbelts in the car, a helmet while riding a bike or skiing, and  to handle sharp objects with care. We go to great lengths to protect  our children from the dangers we can see, but there are threats to our  children's and loved ones' well-being that oftentimes go undetected.   Among the most dangerous of these is carbon monoxide. Carbon monoxide  is a stealthy killer. You cannot see it, hear it, taste it, or smell  it. This deadly gas claims the lives of over 400 Americans every year  and results in over 20,000 emergency room visits.   Two of my constituents, John and April Courtney in Lyman, New  Hampshire, tragically lost their lives to carbon monoxide poisoning  just this past year. If people know about the dangers of carbon  monoxide and have alarms properly installed in their homes, tragedies  like the one in my district, can be prevented.   Mr. Speaker, that is why I am so proud to join my good friend,  Representative Carter, in introducing in the House, H.R. 1460, the  Nicholas and Zachary Burt Memorial Carbon Monoxide Poisoning Prevention  Act that we will be voting on this evening.   This legislation provides funding for States to prevent future carbon  monoxide-related deaths by educating the public about the dangers of  carbon monoxide poisoning and installing detectors in housing for the  elderly and low-income individuals and high-traffic public buildings  like schools. This bipartisan legislation will save lives.   At a time when Congress so often seems divided, this legislation is  proof that we can work together to find common ground and get things  done to help our constituents.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Carter, and I thank our chairman, and I  encourage all of my colleagues to vote in favor of this legislation.   