 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R.  4373, the fiscal year 2022 State-Foreign Operations appropriations  bill.   This bill has many fatal flaws, in spite of Republican efforts to  improve it. The concerns raised during markup were not addressed, and  many of the amendments we offered at the Rules Committee have not been  made in order on the floor today.   I will begin with our list of major complaints. To put it simply, the  spending level is too high, and the policies are too controversial.   This bill alone includes a 12 percent increase over current levels,  with $3 billion directed into climate change programs like the Green  Climate Fund. For the sake of generations to come, we can't afford to  spend like this.   In addition to these unrealistic spending levels, the majority has  made policy decisions that will complicate any attempts to come to a  bipartisan agreement.   Most concerning, this bill includes alarming changes to longstanding  language to protect the unborn. Language that prohibits foreign aid  from being used to pay for abortions was dropped entirely.   The bill also includes other controversial changes, such as a  permanent repeal of the Mexico City policy, which prohibits  organizations who receive foreign assistance from performing abortions.   As the former chair of this subcommittee, I am very disappointed to  see lifesaving global health activities put in jeopardy because of  partisan politics. We must develop top-line spending levels that both  sides can support, and we must agree to drop controversial policy  provisions.   If we want to avoid a long-term continuing resolution or, worse, a  government shutdown, we must get serious and do the work our  constituents sent us here to do. I urge my colleagues to vote against  this bill.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R.  4346, the fiscal year 2022 Legislative Branch Appropriations bill. I  wish I could support this important piece of legislation, but  unfortunately, it has too many flaws, and it does not reflect the type  of bipartisan agreement that we must have to complete the  appropriations process this year.   At a time of record-high deficits and debt, now is not the time to  double down on increasing domestic spending. This bill alone includes a  nearly 13 percent increase over current levels.   The bill also includes riders that are more appropriately addressed  by authorizing committees specifically related to immigration policy.   In addition, the committee report is loaded with unnecessary partisan  requirements for the Capitol Police that will make it more difficult  for them to carry out their missions. The committee report also expands  data collection efforts on individuals working in the Capitol and  testifying before Congress, including sensitive payroll and financial  information. That is not the way to do business if we want to enact  full-year appropriations bills this year.   We must develop top-line spending levels that both sides can support,  and we also must agree to drop controversial policy provisions. If we  want to avoid a long-term continuing resolution or worse, a government  shutdown, we must get serious and do the work our constituents sent us  here to do.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill.   