 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to remember and celebrate the 10-year  anniversary of the repeal of Don't Ask, Don't Tell.   The repeal of this policy allowed thousands of American  servicemembers to live and serve without fear. Finally, brave Americans  are able to defend their country--our country--without worrying about  both the stigma and the punishment that they could face because of whom  they loved.   This decision, the repeal of Don't Ask, Don't Tell, impacted many of  my constituents in Virginia's Seventh District, including Stephanie  Merlo, an Army veteran. With her permission, I am honored to share her  story tonight on the floor of the House of Representatives.   Stephanie begins by explaining that: ``A year after 9/11 happened, I  enlisted as an Active Duty servicemember in the Army. My mom cried; my  brother was proud; and I was honestly excited and scared both at the  same time.   ``Was I scared of deploying? Sure, a little. Was I afraid of failing?  Of course.   ``But my overall fear, that which consumed me beyond the point of  depression, was the fear of being `ousted' and discharged for being a  lesbian. In February of 2004, that fear showed its  [[Page H4554]]  face, and I was backed into a corner with deciding how I wanted to  proceed with my military career.''   How many servicemembers had this fear? How many brave soldiers served  honorably but with a secret, a secret that they knew could end their  career in the military, their career of service to our Nation?   And Stephanie had two secrets: her sexuality, a secret she kept to  protect her military career, and a secret regarding the sexual assault  she suffered while in the Army. You see, reporting it could also mean  revealing the secret of her sexuality.   Stephanie couldn't seek justice as a victim because seeking justice  would mean she could potentially bring an end to her career. She could  potentially be identified as gay in the military.   Stephanie was faced with this horrible choice, this horrible reality,  and all the while, her intention had been to bravely serve our Nation,  as so many brave LGBTQ Americans have.   I am proud to share this story because Stephanie reflects on the fact  that had Don't Ask, Don't Tell not been in place, perhaps a bit of her  story would have gone differently. She says that she never regretted  her decision to join the Army, but she still lives with the regret of  not allowing herself to live her truth.   Stephanie's story is emblematic of the struggles, the hardships, and,  most importantly, the triumphs of so many who have served in our Air  Force before the repeal of Don't Ask, Don't Tell.   During that time, members of our military showed tremendous courage,  selflessness. They served our country with the utmost honor and valor,  and they put their service to country above even living their own  truth. But our military is stronger because of the repeal.   Our military has always been strong because of brave servicemembers,  brave soldiers like Stephanie, and our Nation is better because it has  been protected by people like Stephanie and so many of the stories we  have heard today. Our Nation is better protected because of the  protections afforded to those who put on the uniform.   Tonight, we have the opportunity to reflect on the importance of this  decision on the 10th anniversary of the repeal of Don't Ask, Don't  Tell. For thousands of servicemembers and veterans like Stephanie, this  decision was long overdue.   May we always look to defend and support those who are willing to  serve our country, sacrifice on behalf of our fellow Americans, and  build a stronger Nation. I am grateful to every LGBTQ servicemember who  has served, past or present. I thank them for their sacrifice to our  country, and I am so grateful that as they serve today, they can do it  celebrating their full selves.   