 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding and  sister in service here, Congresswoman Leger Fernandez, for convening us  here today.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of every worker, every parent,  and every caretaker that has questioned how they will make ends meet  and keep food on the table for their families; the parent that has felt  that pit in their stomach, the anxiousness as they look over monthly  bills with the growing costs of rent and childcare; the frontline  worker, who is terrified to stay home sick and lose their job because  of our Nation's failure to provide paid leave; the family afraid of  being displaced from their home due to extreme weather and the  existential threat of climate change; the student living in a transit  desert with unreliable access to jobs, food, community; the daughter  who is a caregiver to her parent who is one of 820,000 people on a wait  list for much-needed home and community-based services; and our  immigrant neighbor who has been unjustly denied a pathway to  citizenship.   Mr. Speaker, the Build Back Better Act will help us get one step  closer to rejecting the unjust status quo and beginning to build a  recovery that centers on the people. As Angela Davis once said: ``I am  no longer accepting the things I cannot change. I am changing the  things I can no longer accept.''   Despite what some might argue, the needs of our communities go far  beyond our Nation's roads and bridges, and we must ensure that our  policies and our investments reflect that reality. Mr. Speaker, I  refuse to choose between the union worker who builds our highways and  the child worker who protections our babies and sets them on a pathway  to a healthy life, to bring into bear their contributions to the world.  I would ask every Member of Congress that they do the same. Reject the  unjust, false binary choices that force us to choose between the  livelihoods and well-being of the two that pit community member against  community member. We have the opportunity and responsibility to finally  make universal paid leave, home healthcare, and universal access to  quality and affordable childcare a reality.   In my district, in Massachusetts, it costs $21,000 per child for  childcare. We have the opportunity and responsibility to address  climate change to combat our housing crisis, and to finally establish a  pathway to citizenship for millions of our immigrant workers. You know,  those essential workers that you were all clapping for during the  pandemic.   They don't need your applause. They need you to value more than just  their labor, but their lives and the preservation of their families. We  must rebuild stronger as a just Nation that takes care of its people.  In order to truly build back better, we must truly address both the  human and physical infrastructure needs of our communities. This is  responsive to the needs of the people. We have to focus on impact,  advance policies that will be felt by all families. Leave no community  behind. This is how we set forth a just recovery and chart a new course  forward.   This is the moment to repair generations of hurt and harm and what I  would characterize as policy violence inflicted on our most vulnerable  and neglected communities. This is our moment to legislate our values;  to honor  [[Page H5773]]  the decisive mandate that we have from the people. This is our moment  to make this Democratic majority--House, Senate, and White House--that  that is more than a talking point that we are in the majority. We must  affirm and codify once and for all.   Infrastructure are those things that are essential to the functioning  of our very society. Care is infrastructure. Housing is infrastructure.  Climate justice is infrastructure. Paid leave is infrastructure.  Disability justice is infrastructure, and the list goes on.   Here is what I know. There is no deficit of resource in this country,  only a deficit of empathy and political courage. Let's pass the Build  Back Better Act so that we can deliver for the communities that for too  long have been asked to wait. Justice delayed is justice denied. Our  constituents deserve more.   