 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the Bush- Jones Amendment to H.R. 1, a critical amendment which clarifies that  felony convictions do not bar any eligible individual from voting in  federal elections, including individuals who are currently  incarcerated.   This amendment seeks to reverse discriminatory voter restrictions  that disproportionately affect the African American voting population,  which continues to be targeted by mass incarceration, police profiling,  and a biased criminal justice system.   Voting is a right of citizenship, not a privilege any of us earns,  and should not be connected to punishment.   Felon disenfranchisement laws were crafted with the intent to  disenfranchise as many African Americans as possible after the Civil  War, and today, one in every 16 African Americans of voting age is  disenfranchised, a rate 3.7 times greater than that of non-African  Americans.   According to PEW Research, over 10 percent of the adult population in  Texas was a felon as of 2010.   Nearly 5.2 million Americans are disenfranchised while serving time  behind bars.   These Americans are full members of our civic life, and they have  ties to their families and communities, engage in robust civic life,  and many of them have been or will be released back into their  communities.   The white supremacists who championed such measures were very clear  on their reasons.   Disenfranchising a specific group of people undermines democracy, and  it does so with a particular impact on people of color.   In many states, state disenfranchisement laws have explicitly racist  origins, and it's time to put this ghost of Jim Crow behind us.   Many states have already begun to recognize the right to vote for  those serving time.   Vermont and Maine are the only U.S. states, in addition to Puerto  Rico, that allow all people with felony convictions, including those  incarcerated, to vote.   Alabama, Mississippi, and Alaska allow some people who are  incarcerated to vote, depending on their felony convictions.   Additionally, Washington D.C. passed a measure just last year which  allowed those incarcerated to vote in the November 2020 election.   This amendment is supported by a host of civil rights, racial  justice, and criminal legal reform organizations, including the  Leadership Conference, Demos, the Sentencing Project, the National  Immigration Project, the National Council of Churches, and more.   Madam Speaker, we must not allow our democracy to slide back into the  worst elements of this country's past, to stand idly by as our  treasured values of democracy, progress, and equality are poisoned and  dismantled.   I urge all members to join me in supporting the Bush-Jones Amendment  to H.R. 1.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from  California, the chair of the Committee on House Administration, for the  work that she has done.   It is interesting to hear a speech by the former President, following  in his tradition of denial of a fair election, but announcing that he  believes that there should be only 1 day for an election to take place,  denying essential workers, not recognizing the disaster of COVID-19,  denying rural voters and minority voters the opportunity in some  stressful time to be able to vote.   H.R. 1 considers all factors in ensuring the empowerment of all  voters in this Nation. The United Methodist Church offered these words,  ``We hold governments responsible for the protection of the rights of  the people to free and fair elections . . . the form and the leaders of  all governments should be determined by exercise of the right to vote  guaranteed to all adult citizens.''   This legislation recognizes that and recognizes that the dark days of  4 years ago of voter suppression and opposition to minorities voting,  the lack of empowerment, are over with in H.R. 1. And I want to support  amendments 22 and 23, to ensure that individuals with disabilities can  vote.   I want to make sure that young people on college campuses are not  discriminated against, as they have been in my community with polling  places that they have had to stand in long lines.   I want to make sure as well that women are protected in privacy with  making sure that their addresses are not printed so that they will not  be subjected to assault, sexual assault, and violation of privacy. H.R.  1 provides an opportunity for justice and  [[Page H1007]]  the right way to vote, I ask for the recognition of that.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of En Bloc  Amendment No. 3 to H.R. 1, which includes the Gallego Amendment, an  important contribution to H.R. 1 that makes a long overdue technical  fix to the Help American Vote Act to ensure and to protect the right to  vote for Native Americans and others living with disabilities in the  four corners region of Arizona, New Mexico, Utah and Colorado.   Specifically, this amendment will extend funding under the Protection  and Advocacy for Voting Access program to the Native American  Disability Law Center to ensure people with disabilities in the region  can fully participate in the electoral process.   Too often, voters in this region drive hours to reach their nearest  polling place, only to find that the ballot is not accessible to them  due to inadequate disability training, ADA accessibility, or other  impediments to the constitutional right to vote.   Voting is a right of citizenship, and every polling place should be  adequately equipped to serve those with disabilities.   Nearly 15 percent of those eligible to vote in Texas are persons with  disabilities--almost 3  [[Page H1009]]  million people--and lack of accessibility causes people with  disabilities to vote at lower rates than the general population.   According to a study by the Government Accountability Office, nearly  two-thirds of the 137 polling places inspected in 2016 had at least one  impediment to people with disabilities.   These impediments included: the accessible voting machine not being  set up and powered on, malfunctioning earphones, lack of wheelchair  accessibility, and less privacy than standard voting stations.   Many people with disabilities cannot mark paper ballots without  assistance, so they rely on special voting machines, but untrained poll  workers have discouraged the use of accessible voting machines, leaving  voters with disabilities behind.   People with disabilities continue to report barriers including a lack  of accessible election and registration materials prior to elections,  lack of transportation to polling places, and problems securing  specific forms of identification required by some states.   Mr. Speaker, it is long past time to keep our promise for a fully  inclusive electoral process in Native and rural communities, and I urge  my colleagues to vote for En Bloc Amendment No. 3 to H.R. 1.   