 Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose the previous question so we  can immediately take up H.R. 6056, the Parents Bill of Rights Act.   As a mom of two and a former educator, I can tell you from firsthand  experience that education is not something that can happen without  parents playing a role. The learning process requires both sides to  work together and have collaborative partnerships that ensure a  student's success.   Parents should not have a system of values and beliefs forced on  their children or send them to school while fearing indoctrination by a  political agenda. The idea that government can exclude parents and have  total control of the classroom will never work because it ignores the  simple truth that these are our children, not the government's.   The Parents Bill of Rights Act puts safeguards in place that ensure  that the foundation of education is built on a meaningful dialogue  between a family and their child's school. This bill has five core  principles that are designed to create mutually beneficial partnerships  and lead to greater collaboration.   Those five principles are: one, parents have the right to review  their school's curriculum, reading materials, and State academic  standards; two, parents have the right to lawfully engage with their  local school board and educators; three, parents have the right to see  a school's budget and spending, including detailed information about  revenues and expenditures; four, parents have the right to protect  their child's privacy; and, finally, parents have the right to keep  their child safe and be updated on any violent activity at school.   The ideas contained in this bill are not partisan or polarizing; they  are simple and common sense. In my home State of Louisiana, a similar  parents bill of rights passed with broad support from both Republicans  and Democrats, and I hope we can follow suit here in Congress.   Several weeks ago, Louisiana's State Superintendent of Education, Dr.  Cade Brumley, wrote about how family involvement is critical for  educational success. He said: ``It takes a family to raise a child.  Schools exist to support that effort with a responsibility to provide a  quality education in a safe environment.''   Mr. Speaker, we have the opportunity today in this body to take a  step forward for America's families, and I hope my colleagues across  the aisle will join us in that effort.   