 Shortly, I will request unanimous consent to confirm the  nomination of Mr. Chris Coes to be Assistant Secretary for Policy at  the Department of Transportation.   As we have discussed, we face supply chain challenges created by  several compounding factors, increased demand for goods, a growing  reliance on e-commerce, as well as production and labor market  disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.   Additionally, we have underinvested in our freight infrastructure for  decades. The bipartisan infrastructure law reverses that trend. It  provides a historic $567 billion for the Department of Transportation.  This includes $37 billion for freight infrastructure investments.   The Department of Transportation will be responsible for implementing  and managing these funds, including INFRA and the Port Infrastructure  Development Program. The Department needs leaders like Mr. Coes to  coordinate implementation of these programs and get the funding  Congress has approved out to the States and local governments.   Mr. Coes is very qualified to serve as Assistant Secretary for  Transportation Policy for the Department of Transportation, having  served as the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Transportation  Policy.   He received strong and bipartisan support in the Commerce Committee.  In fact, there are several nominees, including Mr. Coes, who have been  passed out of the Commerce Committee with bipartisan support for key  posts at the Department of Transportation, the Department of Commerce,  the Surface Transportation Board, and the Federal Maritime Commission  who all play integral roles in addressing the ongoing supply chain  issues.   And yet some of our Republican colleagues are refusing to provide  these Agencies with the leadership resources necessary to help address  the supply chain crisis.   The issues facing our supply chain are complex and have been years in  the making. They will not be fixed overnight, and that is why it is  important to have confirmed, sustained leadership at the Agencies  responsible for helping to address these multifaceted issues over the  next several years.   So I ask that it be in order to make the same request with respect to  Executive Calendar No. 549, Christopher A. Coes to be Assistant  Secretary of Transportation.   