 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business,  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, it is my honor and privilege this evening  to join with my fellow 9 Senators of the G-10 who have been working  together for months now, along with an additional 12 colleagues, who  together--the 22 of us Senators--have worked long and hard with each  other and with the White House to introduce this evening the bipartisan  Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act.   We know that this has been a long and sometimes difficult process,  but we are proud this evening to announce this legislation, and we look  forward, very much, to working with our colleagues in a collaborative  and open way over the coming days to work  [[Page S5236]]  through this historic investment in infrastructure in our country and  to come to agreement in the U.S. Senate to move forward with this  historic piece of legislation.   Now, I know that many of my colleagues will talk about some of the  virtues of the legislation and the great things that it will do for the  States that we all are proud to represent, the States that all of us  Senators represent across this country. But what I would like to direct  my brief remarks to this evening are not the details of this  legislative text--though they are significant, and I think they are  very meaningful and will have an impact on the daily lives of  Americans. What I would like to speak about is the very process.   I know it has been difficult, and I know it has been long, and what I  am proud to say is that is what our forefathers intended when they  created a system of government that required Republicans and Democrats  to come together in a coequal branch of government and work with each  other and with the administration to find legislation and solutions  that meet the needs of our country, individuals, and families,  companies, communities. It is difficult; it is time consuming; and it  is exactly what our country insisted and demands of us every single  day: to take the time to work with each other to find common ground, to  compromise, and to be willing to work with each other--to give a  little, to get a little--in order to achieve what is right and what is  best for the American people.   I think the process we are embarking on this evening, as we soon will  join together with our colleagues of both political parties,  representing every State across the country, is an important one, and  it sends a message to the individuals across this country and, indeed,  to individuals across this world that the U.S. Government can work. It  is difficult; it is time consuming; it can be hard; but this very  process of finding bipartisan compromise and working together to  overcome obstacles to achieve the objectives that the American people  are depending upon us to do is the very heart and the very core of why  each of us serves in this government, and I, for one--in addition to  being tired, I, for one, am incredibly proud of this process. It is why  I ran for office, and I believe it is why we have all run for office:  to work together to overcome differences, to find solutions, and to  make a difference in the lives of the American people.   As we will see in the coming days, as we hear from our colleagues on  both sides of the aisle, offering amendments and adjustments to this  legislation, and, ultimately, I believe, passing this legislation out  of the Senate, with a strong bipartisan record, we will continue to  once again demonstrate to our country and to the world that we can,  indeed, do our jobs; that we can legislate; that we can work together;  and that we can put aside our own political differences for the greater  good of our country.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   