 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, on Friday, the Department of Labor  reported that inflation had hit a near-40-year high, confirming what  many American families have been feeling in their wallets for many  months.   The soaring cost of virtually everything, from gasoline to groceries,  is a growing crisis that has hit families across our Nation. The  numbers are alarming.   During the past year, the Consumer Price Index, which measures the  price of goods and services, jumped by nearly 7 percent. That is the  highest rate since 1982. It represents the sixth consecutive month of  inflation exceeding 5 percent.   The goods experiencing the greatest increases read like a list of  everyday essentials. Energy costs are up by 33 percent. Used vehicles  are up by 31 percent. Hamburger costs are up by 14 percent. Milk, eggs,  baby food, furniture, and many other necessities all cost more, and  those prices are simply unsustainable for many working families.   The pain is being felt across the Nation, including in my State of  Maine. I have heard from many Mainers worried about how they will be  able to afford to heat their homes this winter. The average price of  heating oil in Maine is currently $3.15 per gallon, compared to $2.11  per gallon this time last year. While the amount of heating oil a  household uses varies considerably, a typical Maine family will spend  nearly $1,000 more this year on home heating oil. The State of Maine is  disproportionately affected by this rise in costs since more than 60  percent of our homes use fuel oil as their primary energy source for  heating compared to only 4 percent of households nationally.   The rise in the price of heating oil is not the only hardship that  Mainers are facing this winter. Mainers have shared with me their  genuine concerns about being able to afford to drive back and forth to  work and to put nutritious food on the table. Gas prices in Maine are  about $1.30 per gallon higher than last year.   Business owners face the often impossible challenge of paying higher  prices for commodities, food, and supplies without passing those  increases on to their already struggling consumers. For example, Maine  restaurant owners, who have already experienced an extraordinarily  difficult 18 months due to the pandemic, are now grappling with double- digit percentage increases in the costs of ingredients and other goods  needed to run their businesses. An owner of a restaurant I visited in  Searsport told me that the cost of fryer grease has skyrocketed from  $19 to $48 per case. Another restaurant owner in Rockland recently told  the Bangor Daily News that the price for prime ribs has more than  doubled from $7 to $17. These supply costs shrink their already slim  margins and exacerbate other difficulties the industry is facing with  staffing shortages and pandemic-related closures.   After a tough 2020 caused by COVID-related market disruptions and  drought, Maine's resilient potato growers rebounded with yields up 20  percent over last year. Such a strong harvest usually would be cause  for celebration, but farmers are facing rising transportation, fuel,  and fertilizer costs that are hurting their bottom line and forcing  them to pass on some of the inflationary costs to their customers. The  increased costs of doing business mean that families and processors  will pay more for potatoes and growers will get a lower return on their  crop.   This weekend, the Wall Street Journal reported on how inflation is  harming the employees at the One Stop Tulsa gas station in Aroostook  County in Northern Maine. One clerk was working 60 hours each week--up  from 40 before the pandemic--because they are so shortstaffed. Even  with the increased hours, she said she is struggling with rising costs,  from food to electricity.   Melissa Holmes, the gas station manager, said that her twice monthly  grocery bill has increased from $300 to $500 and it now costs her $60  to fill up her 2011 Ford Explorer. That is $20 more than last year.   Ms. Holmes also described facing customers who are frustrated by the  higher prices. The cost of chicken, for example, has gone up so an  order of chicken tenders has jumped from $5.49 to $8.99. That is a big  increase, and customers are feeling that squeeze.   After passage of the President's $1.9 trillion stimulus this spring,  the price of goods and services went up. We heard reassurances from the  President's team that this inflation was transitory but no  acknowledgement of the role that their policies have had on soaring  prices. Americans are feeling the consequences as Washington has  overheated the economy.   We in Congress must confront this inflation crisis, but instead the  Biden administration is pushing trillions in additional macroeconomic  stimulus in the President's Build Back Better plan. The consequences  for an already overheated economy could be devastating. Given the clear  link between recent extraordinary government spending and rampant  inflation, we should not be adding more fuel to the fire. Our economy  is ailing so it would be wise to begin to follow the maxim that guides  medical professionals: First, do no harm.   Democrats have said that their spending spree, which follows the  Build Back Better plan, would cost $1.7 trillion. Several of the  proposals in that plan would be set to expire after 1, 3, or 5 years--a  gimmick that hides the true cost because we know that is not what the  real hope is nor what is going to happen.   Last week, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office projected that  making the social spending programs in the Build Back Better plan  permanent would, in fact, cost $4.9 trillion over the decade--$4.9  trillion. Doing so would add $3 trillion to the deficit unless paid for  with even more taxes beyond those that the Democrats have already  proposed in their bill. That is much higher than the purported $1.7  trillion pricetag because we know that the ultimate goal is to make  these expensive programs permanent.  [[Page S9137]]    Inflation is a regressive tax. It does not discriminate among the  rich and the poor. It does not take into account the ability to pay. It  is a cruel tax, one that punishes thrift by diminishing the value of  savings. This is damaging to families who are saving to buy a home or  for their children's education. It can be devastating to our seniors,  who can do nothing but helplessly watch as the retirement funds that  they have worked for their whole lives don't go nearly as far as they  had expected.   Like the pandemic itself, we do not know for certain whether this  inflation crisis will abate, be prolonged, or even accelerate. Our  immediate focus should be on measures that we know will have a lasting  and beneficial impact on our economy, such as implementing the  bipartisan infrastructure law, opening up and repairing our supply  chains, getting more Americans back to work, and protecting the  earnings of hard-working Americans.   What we should not do is pass trillions of dollars in additional  spending in the administration's Build Back Better bill that would  exacerbate the toll that inflation imposes on seniors, working  families, and small businesses. We should not take that risk.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   