 Madam President, I stand here today in support of Isabel  Guzman's nomination to serve as SBA Administrator.   This pandemic has been challenging for our communities, and it has  been especially devastating for our small businesses. We urgently need  a leader who is experienced and prepared for the work ahead, someone  who will hit the ground running to revive and restore our small  businesses and bring back jobs, and Isabel Guzman is exactly the right  person for this task.   Having previously served in the U.S. Small Business Administration,  Mrs. Guzman knows the Agency well. She understands the struggles that  small businesses and workers face, not just during this pandemic but  also their day-to-day needs. She will use the Agency's tools to support  small businesses, and she will fight fiercely on their behalf.   Ninety-nine percent of Nevada businesses are small businesses. This  is a diverse community that embodies the entrepreneurial spirit of our  State, and over the last year they have faced obstacle after obstacle.  Thousands of Nevada business owners have called my office for help.   These small business owners are--well, they are people. They are  people who have poured their hard-earned money into starting  businesses. They  [[Page S1540]]  are people who have dedicated their lives to building a business from  the ground up. They are people whose shops and stores and services-- well, they are cornerstones for our communities. And now, through no  fault of their own, these small business owners are left wondering if  their businesses are going to make it.   Last week, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan into law.  This is a major win for small businesses across the country. It  includes targeted support for Black, Latino, AAPI, and minority-owned  businesses, as well as support for businesses in our rural communities.  Over $1 billion in grants are in there to save our stages and  independent live venues. There is over $7 billion for the Paycheck  Protection Program. There is $15 billion for EIDL Advance grants and  $25 billion to keep restaurants afloat.   This will provide real relief to small business owners, employees,  and the families that they provide for, that count on them. For so  many, this additional aid will mean the difference between a business  keeping its doors open or closing them forever.   And now we need an SBA Administrator who will see that this relief is  delivered swiftly and fully. I am confident that Isabel Guzman will be  an asset in bringing our small businesses back.   We must also do more for our small businesses, which is why, if  confirmed, I look forward to working with Mrs. Guzman and the SBA to  remove the cap on EIDL loans and to provide full EIDL Advance grants to  all eligible small businesses, giving greater access to the relief that  all our small business owners need. The EIDL and EIDL Advance Programs  have helped countless small businesses in Nevada and in States across  the country through these tough times, but the arbitrary caps on these  loans and grants are preventing small businesses from receiving the  funding assistance they need to properly recover.   Full EIDL loans and grants are what Congress intended when we passed  the CARES Act 1 year ago. It is what we promised small businesses at  the beginning of the pandemic. So we owe it to America's small  businesses and workers to keep our word, and I know Isabel Guzman is  the right person to help us keep this promise.   As we continue on the road to recovery, made possible by the American  Rescue Plan, I urge my colleagues to confirm Mrs. Guzman's nomination  so that she can immediately get to work for our small businesses.   Thank you.   I yield to the Senator from Oregon.   