 Madam President, last week, I was pleased to join my  colleague from West Virginia, Senator Joe Manchin, in introducing the  Advancing Uniform Transportation Opportunities for Veterans Act, better  known as the AUTO for Veterans Act. I am pleased that Senators Boozman,  Hassan, and Blunt have joined as original cosponsors.   Our bill would lessen the financial burden on severely disabled  veterans who require special adaptive equipment to drive a motor  vehicle. It would do so by increasing access to the Department of  Veterans Affairs automobile grant program.   The VA currently provides eligible veterans with a one-time grant of  approximately $21,400 to be used to purchase a new or used automobile  and necessary adaptive equipment, such as specialized pedals and  switches. This grant is often used in conjunction with the VA's special  adaptive equipment grants, which help our veterans purchase additional  adaptive equipment, such as powered lifts, for example, for an existing  automobile to make it safe and feasible for a veteran with  disabilities.   Although veterans can receive multiple special adaptive equipment  grants over the course of their lives, for some reason they are limited  to just a single automobile grant. The current limitation fails to take  into account that a veteran is likely to need more than one vehicle in  his or her lifetime. In fact, the Department of Transportation reports  that, in 2019, the average age of a household vehicle was 11.8 years,  and a vehicle that has been modified structurally tends to have a  shorter useful life.   According to the VA independent budget prepared by Disabled American  Veterans, Paralyzed Veterans of America, and the VFW, the substantial  costs of modified vehicles, coupled with inflation, present a financial  hardship for many disabled veterans who need to replace their primary  mode of transportation once their car or van or truck reaches its  lifespan. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration estimates  that a new vehicle modified with adaptive equipment will cost anywhere  from $20,000 to $80,000. These are significant costs for a veteran with  disabilities to incur to replace his or her primary mode of  transportation. That is why veterans should be eligible to receive a  vehicle grant every 10 years and our legislation, the Collins-Manchin  bill, would do just that.   A Maine veteran whom I know well, Neal Williams of Shirley, ME, used  a VA automobile grant in 1999 to purchase an adaptive vehicle, a Ford  Econoline van. He has also had to purchase several adaptive vehicles  since 1999, with each one lasting over 250,000 miles until they simply  were no longer roadworthy. His current vehicle now has over 100,000  miles, and soon he will need a new one. He told me that purchasing a  new van will cost him well over $50,000, which is more than he paid for  his home in rural Maine. This is an enormous burden on our disabled  veterans who need to purchase expensive adaptive vehicles in order to  drive safely or to drive at all.   Madam President, I feel like I am preaching to the choir here. Our  Nation owes our veterans such an enormous debt. It is a debt that truly  can never be fully repaid. Let's honor our commitment to our veterans  by continuing to support their needs, including the needs of veterans  who are disabled and need this adaptive technology for their vehicles  long after they have been discharged or retire from Active Duty.   This is a simple bill, but it is a bill that would make such a  difference for so many of our disabled veterans who need vehicles with  adaptive equipment so that they can drive themselves and drive safely.  The AUTO for Veterans Act is an important step that we can take to meet  this need and help those who have made so many sacrifices to serve our  Nation.   I urge all of my colleagues to join us in helping our Nation's  veterans by supporting this bill.   Thank you.    Mr. President, the Senate was asked to decide whether  this body has the constitutional jurisdiction to hold an impeachment  trial of Donald Trump now that he is no longer President of the United  States. While the Constitution does not explicitly address Congress'  jurisdiction when the subject of impeachment is a former President--or  any former officer--its text and purpose as applied to the facts in  this matter support the conclusion that the trial should proceed.   The question of Senate jurisdiction should start with the text of the  Constitution itself. The impeachment process is described in article I,  which delineates the respective powers of the House of Representatives  and the Senate. Section 2 plainly states that the House ``shall have  the sole power of impeachment.'' In this matter, there is no dispute  that impeachment occurred before former President Trump's term expired,  and, therefore, there is no dispute that the House had jurisdiction to  impeach him.   What is at issue is whether the impeachment trial can occur in the  Senate now that former President Trump is no longer in office. Again, I  look to the text of article I. Section 3 states that ``the Senate shall  have the sole Power to try all Impeachments.'' As former Federal  circuit court Judge Michael McConnell has observed, the key word here  is ``all.'' Sections 2 and 3 read together lead to the inescapable  conclusion that, if the House presents the Senate with a valid  impeachment article, the Senate has jurisdiction to conduct the trial.   Some have argued that such an interpretation would put all former  Presidents, Vice Presidents, and office holders dating back to the  Washington administration at risk of being impeached and convicted, but  the facts in this matter do not require such a sweeping conclusion. By  asserting its jurisdiction over this trial, the Senate is simply ruling  that a President who was impeached while still in office can be tried  after he is no longer in office--nothing more.   The former President's attorneys argue that the Senate does not have  jurisdiction to conduct a trial because the penalty prescribed for  conviction  [[Page S939]]  under article II, section 4, is removal from office. Because former  President Trump cannot be removed, they argue that the Constitution  requires he not be tried. But article I, section 4, authorizes the  Senate to impose the penalty of permanent disqualification from holding  office in the future if it chooses to do so. And, notably, a vote on  whether or not to disqualify can only be taken after conviction, at  which point any defendant would have been removed and no longer an  office holder.   If the defense's argument were to be followed to its logical  conclusion, it would lead to a constitutional absurdity--the Senate  would have the sole power to apply the disqualification penalty, but it  would never have jurisdiction to do so. If the Senate were unable to  consider disqualification after a President is no longer in office, the  second penalty would lose its meaning. A more sensible reading of  article I, section 4, is that both punishments, removal and  disqualification, are equally significant, and therefore, the Senate  has jurisdiction in this matter.   For all the reasons I have set forth, I believe that the Senate must  exercise jurisdiction, and I voted to begin its impeachment  proceedings.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Peter  Schunk, a defense fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for  the remainder of this Congress.   