 Madam Speaker, I am so excited about this bill that I have  gone hoarse talking about it, so I apologize for my gravelly voice, but  it is not from any lack of enthusiasm for the bipartisan infrastructure  bill, which is really a jobs bill.   I want to just commend my colleagues from Pennsylvania and from  around the country, as we fought for this bill, as we fought for this  infrastructure investment, and as we voted on it, and then yesterday  had the historic day of watching our President sign it into law.   Madam Speaker, it was 10 years ago that I first ran for public  office. I ran for township commissioner, and what I  [[Page H6303]]  said then was that I wanted to build a more buildable, walkable,  commutable, bikeable infrastructure for my older-ring suburb of  Philadelphia.   Little did I know that I would then go on to serve as State  representative for 6\1/2\ years. My proudest vote as a State  representative was Act 89 of 2013, a bipartisan, multiyear investment  in our infrastructure. My proudest vote.   And look at us today. We now have the chance to make this much-needed  investment in Pennsylvania and across the country in every district  where dollars will be flowing to modernize our infrastructure, to make  it greener.   Here are just some of the estimates for what will be coming to  Pennsylvania:   $11.3 billion to upgrade roads and highways. We know that in my  older-ring suburb our highways, our roads are in grave need of  upgrading for safety and other purposes;   $2.8 billion for public transportation. Again, in my suburbs, we rely  upon public transportation, and we want it to be more reliable so that  more people will be using it with ease to protect our climate and our  streets;   $1.4 billion in safe drinking water. Again, incredibly important  across this country, whether from lead pipes, or from, as in my  district and many others, the contamination of PFAS;   $244 million investment in weatherization to our homes;   $1.6 billion toward improving bridges. Pennsylvania sadly has a  historic number of bridges in need of reconstruction or replacement;   $100 million to expand broadband access; and   $355 million to modernize airport infrastructure.   There is so much we will be able to do with this bipartisan  investment in our infrastructure.   Know also that it is about growing jobs, good jobs, jobs of the  future, and it is also anti-inflationary, which is something I know all  of my constituents care about.   I will end maybe on my grandchildren. I am so excited, and I will be  telling them for years about the chance to work on the bipartisan  infrastructure bill, the chance to vote for it, and the chance to stand  alongside the President as he signed this 50-, 60-year investment in  their futures. I hope they will be as proud as I am of the President  and all of us for getting it done.    Certainly.    I certainly don't know what is in their heart or what is in  their vote. But I will say that these were infrastructure investments  that these very same Representatives fought for under the previous  administration. They enthusiastically embraced week, after week, after  week, after week as Infrastructure Week.   I hope this is not the case, but sadly it seems as though the  investments in their communities came down to a political choice  because, as you have heard some people say--and they complain about  this, but it is only testimony to the power of this bill--that this  will actually perhaps give Democrats a win.   We didn't do it for a win. We did it for a win for the American  people, for our infrastructure, and for our future, but there is some  awareness on the other side of the aisle that this is politically  damaging to them. Sad to say.   I do believe that it will be interesting to be at all the ribbon  cuttings, and I hope in a bipartisan way all Members are at the ribbon  cuttings because of the difference this will make, and it will be up to  them to decide why they did vote ``no.''   