 Madam Speaker, I recently visited the border in my  home State of Texas. The crisis there is astounding, as thousands of  illegal immigrants enter the country on a daily basis. The Biden  administration has been silent and in denial of any crisis, as we have  seen record numbers of apprehensions, drug crossings into the U.S., and  no answer for the humanitarian crisis of 20,000 unaccompanied minors.   President Biden appointed Vice President Harris as his immigration  czar, and we have seen her travel all around the country, but not to  the border. We have got a border czar who has not even been to the  border.   Democrat leadership has been silent, not once questioning her absence  from this humanitarian crisis. Instead, this week, they bring us more  bad legislation. Today, we are debating spending nearly a billion  dollars to give access to counsel to foreign citizens when they are not  even subject to a criminal investigation. That is a right we do not  even afford our own citizens.   My Republican colleagues and I continue to expose the crisis on the  border, having seen firsthand the horrific situation. Yet the  Democrats' solution is to hire attorneys, forcing Border Patrol to hire  new personnel and construct new space to comply with this misguided  legislation, which does nothing to address the hundreds of thousands of  people surging our borders at record numbers, the girls and the boys  who are being sexually assaulted and exploited, and the thousands of  pounds of illegal drugs and weapons pouring into our country.   If the Vice President actually went down there, agents could show her  the miles of unprotected border they have been pulled off of to instead  act as babysitters. She might be able to understand that the policies  put in place under the previous administration actually worked.   We should be focused on securing our border and letting our agents do  their jobs. The lack of compassion, the lack of humanity that we have  seen under the Biden administration is appalling. The gentlewoman from  Washington said we should treat everyone with dignity and respect.   Have you seen the conditions that are down at the border right now?   It is the exact opposite of dignity and respect. And these words mean  nothing if we refuse to follow them with action.   The legislation in front of us does nothing to stop the Biden border  crisis, and it is just another attempt to prioritize the interests of  aliens over the American people.   Madam Speaker, I urge opposition.    Madam Speaker, this issue should already have been  taken care of.   Last week, my Republican colleagues and I offered an amendment to  extend this ban until at least 2022, but it was blocked, only to see  Democrats draft this much weaker bill. It is another game and example  of why Americans are fed up with Congress.   When House Democrats rejected the Republican-led amendment banning  fentanyl last week, they knew that fentanyl causes a massive blight in  our communities across the country. They knew that tens of thousands  are left dead from overdoses every year, but refused to support it  because of the names on the bill. And now they want to extend the ban  of this highly addictive, highly dangerous, deadly drug by only 5  months.   Last month, CBP agents seized 639 pounds of fentanyl, adding to the  2,098 pounds seized this year alone. That represents a 233 percent  increase of drugs being smuggled across the border  [[Page H2029]]  this year. It is a direct result of Biden's border crisis.   Vice President Harris was appointed as the so-called immigration  czar, but has spent more time in New Hampshire than at the border. And  if she were to visit, she would see the toll that the influx of  migrants is taking on our border. It is not just a humanitarian crisis,  but it is leaving us vulnerable to increased drug smuggling that is  ravaging our streets. She would hear directly from the DEA agents, just  like my colleagues and I did, why it is so important to schedule  fentanyl as a schedule I drug permanently, not just for 5 months.   A 5-month extension is not long enough. Let's just stop playing  politics. There is no excuse why we are not working toward a permanent  ban.   