 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   I am here to talk about the Build Back Better agenda and two specific  aspects that I want to highlight, some of which have been covered  today, and to share some of my personal story.   The investments in home care and paid family and medical leave are  personal to me, to my constituents, and to the American people.   Not just American workers get paid family medical leave benefits from  their jobs. My sister, a Federal worker, is a nurse. She helps deliver  babies at a military hospital in Colorado. Last November she was  diagnosed with cancer. We are about the same age. She is a couple years  older than I am. All of a sudden, we learned there is no paid family  medical leave.   So what do people have to do?   They either have to leave their job, or go without pay, or in this  case ask co-workers to donate their leave and their time so that  somebody who is fighting cancer can actually focus on fighting cancer  and getting better. And that is just wrong.   In America we need to take care of our workers. That is why I think  it is so critically important that we include in reconciliation the  paid family and medical leave. Unfortunately, most workers are forced  to give up their wages and leave work to deal with health crises for  themselves or loved ones. And this is true especially for women and  women of color.   My sister's story is not unique. It is happening to workers across  the country. So I am committed to making sure that we fight to keep  these provisions in the Build Back Better agenda.   Secondly, caregivers, the home- and community-based care system is so  critically important, especially for those on Medicaid and the  disabled. This very year my own mother was able to qualify and get it  after being on a waiting list for 8 months. It's not easy though, when  you need that in-home care. This is a program that helps patients stay  in their homes, as many older Americans wish to do and can't, so this  program will be expanded.  [[Page H5720]]    But we also need to increase wages for those who are providing the  care, because the wages just don't cut it. We know there is a shortage  of healthcare workers now and providers. I have been dealing with this  every day. Just last night I had to get on a red-eye.   Why?   To help provide some of that care.   So we need this human investment in people and to provide that care  in home.   We saw what happened with COVID and what it did to those in  institutions and nursing homes. If we can avoid that and have people in  their homes, then we should expand this program and support it.   Since the beginning of the pandemic, the American economy has lost  more than 500,000 jobs in the caregiving industry, and we are seeing  firsthand how hard it is to hire. So investing in this is going to  expand that. It is going to make this available to more Americans and  those in need, whether you are an older American, Madam Speaker, or you  are disabled.   In conclusion, by investing in families and our care economy, we will  show compassion to those in need, improve care, and help women get back  into the workforce. The investments in the Build Back Better package  will be meaningful for our families and transformational for our  economy.   Let's keep them--not cut them--for people like my mother who has  severe Alzheimer's and for the rest of Americans who need that care.   