 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, since its creation in 1921, the  Government Accountability Office has had the purview to conduct  oversight of all Federal agencies with the goal of reducing waste,  fraud, and abuse and holding accountable bad actors.   However, and unfortunately, most of our intelligence agencies today  are not fully cooperative with the GAO, pointing to an outdated and  vague 1988 Department of Justice opinion.   My amendment would allow the GAO to act as a check on this behavior-- not creating new powers, but restoring the power Congress always  intended the GAO to have.   This amendment is welcomed by many in the intelligence community who  want to protect their important work and resources from abuse,  particularly after the last Presidency we just endured.   This amendment was drafted in partnership with the community, and I  am proud to have the support of Representative Adam Schiff, who serves  as the chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on  Intelligence. In fact, many of my colleagues have already taken a stand  in support of this legislation because, in 2010, the House passed a  virtually identical amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman  from New York (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney), the chairwoman of the House  Oversight Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from California (Mr. Schiff), the chairman of the House Intelligence  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, overall, the Protecting Our Democracy  Act will do much to address the weaknesses that were exposed in light  of the last administration and exploited during President Trump's  Presidency.   I am proud to have four other amendments being included today that  address nepotism, codify the Biden ethics pledge, and regulate defense  funds as well as inaugural committees. I hope my colleagues will also  see the value in protecting our Intelligence Committees from abuse and  vote to include this amendment in the POD Act.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   