 H.R. 1, For the People Act, is one of the most important  bills Congress can consider because it strengthens and reforms our  democracy at a time in history when it is especially fragile. This  sweeping legislation is divided into three sections: voting, campaign  finance, and ethics. Its numerous provisions expand voting rights,  diminish the corrosive influence of money in politics, and bolster  ethics and transparency to ensure government works for the people.   Voting is a fundamental right in a democracy, and H.R. 1 will expand  voter rolls by requiring every state to adopt automatic and same-day  voter registration, just as California has. The bill ends partisan  gerrymandering by requiring states to adopt independent redistricting  commissions and makes it easier to vote by expanding early voting and  allowing every American to vote by mail, just as millions did last  November during the pandemic.   H.R. 1 reforms our campaign finance system to address the disastrous  Citizens United decision that opened the floodgates to unlimited  contributions from anonymous donors. The legislation establishes a  public Fair Elections Fund to match small dollar donations,  [[Page H993]]  strengthens Federal Election Commission (FEC) oversight of Super PACs,  and requires ``dark money'' independent expenditure groups to disclose  their donors just as candidates and Super PACs must do.   Lastly, the bill holds public officials accountable by closing  lobbyist registration loopholes, strengthens conflict of interest  rules, and empowers the Office of Government Ethics to better enforce  ethics laws.   I'm very proud that H.R. 1 includes two major provisions I authored.  The bill includes my Presidential Tax Transparency Act which requires  the president and vice president to publicly release their tax returns  annually. It also requires major party candidates for both offices to  release ten prior years of tax returns within 15 days of accepting  their party's nomination. Tax returns contain vital information such as  whether a candidate has paid any taxes; what assets they own; if  they've borrowed money and from whom; whether they've taken advantage  of tax loopholes and offshore tax shelters; and whether they have  foreign bank accounts. The disclosure of a presidential candidate 's  tax returns is particularly important because the American people  should be able to vet their finances before the election.   For decades, presidents and presidential candidates voluntarily  released their tax returns. I introduced the Presidential Tax  Transparency Act in 2016 when this bipartisan tradition was abandoned  and it became clear that we could no longer rely on voluntary  disclosure. Presidential candidates must be held to the highest  standards of transparency to ensure confidence that they will work  solely for the interests of the American people, not their own  financial gain.   I'm also pleased that H.R. 1 establishes Election Day as a federal  holiday. I've introduced similar legislation with Rep. Donald McEachin  in the past three Congresses to give Americans the time off they need  to vote and participate in our democracy. U.S. voter turnout in 2020  was the highest in over a century, but it consistently lags behind  turnout in other established democracies, many of which vote on a  weekend or holiday. While there are many factors that influence voter  turnout, making Election Day a federal holiday will make voting easier  and give Americans an opportunity to celebrate the importance of civic  engagement and participation in the proud American tradition of self- governance.   H.R. 1 includes all of these important reforms and many others, and  I'm proud to vote in favor of this critical legislation.   