 Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Sheila  Jackson Lee for her leadership and the things that she does to protect  all of us across the country, not just in her district but across the  country. We are greatly indebted to her for her service.   The gentlewoman mentioned me coming from the State of Delaware and  whether it is Southern or Northern. Many people might not know, but we  are on the Mason-Dixon Line. We are urban, suburban, rural, and  coastal. But we are also on that Mason-Dixon Line with that strong  history.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman and her coanchor, Mr. Torres,  and I thank our esteemed chairwoman of the Congressional Black Caucus,  Joyce Beatty.   Madam Speaker, I stand before you tonight with a sense of urgency  because the most fundamental and sacred right we have as Americans is  under attack.   Across this country, State lawmakers have introduced at least 389  restrictive bills in 48 States just this year, and 14 States have  already enacted more restrictive voting laws. Even the highest court in  the land is chipping away at this fundamental right.   We know that those who would engage in suppression, subversion, and  intimidation are not resting, but neither is the Congressional Black  Caucus. Tonight, we are standing up and speaking out because we know  that just as our message is our power so, too, is our vote.   I am going to say that again: Our vote is our power.   We are here to protect and defend that right because the vote is tied  to everything. The vote is tied to criminal justice reform. The vote is  tied to healthcare. The vote is tied to the minimum wage increase  across this country and access to affordable childcare. It is tied to  the preservation of our democracy. It is tied to our very existence:  the ability to drink clean water, breathe air that is free of  pollution, and even to have a planet to live on.    Everything is tied to the vote, and the vote is on the line.   While we are fighting a new battle, it is the same old tactics that  we have seen before. And it is a future we are not going back to.   Yesterday, we lost another American civil rights leader and educator,  Bob Moses. One of the many things that he was known for was Freedom  Summer, a project to organize and register voters. Through intimidation  and beating, Bob Moses never relented in his mission to register voters  in the South.   Sixty years later, it is our turn to answer the question that Bob  asked of students, a question that goes to the very core of who we are:  What kind of society will we be?   Today, the CBC is here to proclaim loudly and proudly: We will be the  kind of society that values every voice, empowers every citizen, and  counts every vote because it is all on the line. We must pass and have  signed into law  [[Page H3895]]  H.R. 1, the For the People Act, and H.R. 4, the John Lewis Voting  Rights Advancement Act.   In honor of Bob Moses, let's make this the Freedom Summer of our  time.   