 Madam Speaker, this is a glorious day for women in  America. With the passage of the ERA and the Violence Against Women  Act, we are making great strides forward.   This particular resolution does one thing. We want in the  Constitution, plain and simple.   Antonin Scalia, the great jurist, said once: Does the Constitution  require discrimination based on sex? The answer is no.   But if the question is: Does the Constitution prohibit discrimination  based on sex?   The answer is also no.   That should send a chilling feeling in each of us that in the  Constitution of the United States women are not protected.   In fact, we are the only country with a written Constitution that  does not prohibit discrimination based on sex. Shame on us.   There can be no expiration date on equality. This is a bipartisan  bill. We are proud to bring it to the floor.   My colleagues across the aisle may say we don't need the ERA, women  are already equal under the law, that it is redundant.   Well, tell that to Christy Brzonkala, who was raped by two football  players at Virginia Tech. She sought justice under VAWA, but the  Supreme Court struck down the civil suit provision, claiming Congress  lacked the power to pass it.   Or Tracy Rexroat, whose starting salary at the Arizona Department of  Education was $17,000 less than her colleague. They based the salaries  on what their prior salary was from whatever job they came, so she  receives $17,000 less than her colleague. She too filed an action under  the Equal Pay Act, and the courts held that there was some reasonable  expectation.   Well, there is nothing reasonable about that. And until we have the  ERA in the Constitution that provides the same level of scrutiny as  race discrimination, this will continue to be a problem.   Or ask Jessica Gonzales if she thinks it is redundant. Jessica's  estranged husband kidnapped and murdered their three young daughters  after the police refused to enforce a restraining order.   If we had the ERA, these cases would have had different outcomes. The  ERA will create stronger legal recourse against sex discrimination, it  will empower Congress to better enforce and enact laws protecting  women, and it will confirm the rightful place of gender equality in the  Constitution where it belongs.   I believe most of us recognize that this is the right thing to do.  The ERA is about building an America that we want. It is about forming  a more perfect union, it is about equality, survival, dignity, and  respect.    Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Violence Against Women Act.   Twenty persons a minute are injured by an intimate partner; that is  10 million American men and women every year. It is time to do  something to continue this act and to extend it.   Madam Speaker, I have a number of amendments that have been accepted.  I especially want to point out the SHIELD Act, which combats the  nonconsensual sharing of private, sexually explicit and nude images,  commonly known as revenge porn, which now will be a crime.   My other two amendments deal with creating a task force on sexual  violence and education and directing the Secretary of Education to  create climate surveys on student experiences with violence. Twenty  percent of our college coeds are sexually assaulted or there are  attempts of sexual assault on them each year.   Finally, the last amendment incentivizes States to pass a Survivors'  Bill of Rights in the States Act, which is particularly important for  rape kits.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, my  friend, my colleague, my co-chair of the Democratic Women's Caucus.   I rise tonight in honor of Women's History Month and the heroic,  trailblazing women of our military, who have risked their lives for our  country in the advancement of women's equity and equality.   Women have been on the front lines fighting for America's values and  freedom since the founding of our Nation. Our foremothers blazed a  trail for women like Loretta Walsh, who, in 1917, as America teetered  on the brink of entering World War I, heard and answered the call to  serve. Loretta became the first woman to enlist in the U.S. military in  a position other than nursing and was our first female chief petty  officer.   I also want to recognize Captain Kristen Griest and Lieutenant Shaye  Haver, the first women to graduate from the Army Ranger School;  Marcella Hayes, America's first Black female fighter pilot; and Mary  Edward Walker, the first female U.S. Army surgeon who served in the  Civil War and the only woman to receive the Presidential Medal of  Honor.    The strength and courage of these women and so many more like them  reinforces what we already know: There is nothing women cannot do.   When women are in positions of leadership, our country is in better  hands. I believe that this is especially true in our military.   I honor General Ann E. Dunwoody, our Nation's first female four-star  general; Admiral Michelle Howard, the Navy's first female four-star  admiral and first African American to command a U.S. naval ship; and  Air Force General Laura Richardson, the first female commander of a  combatant command.   These women have served our Nation honorably. They now must open new  doors for a generation of women to fulfill their dreams to serve our  country under safe conditions, free from sexual assault and harassment.   All of these women warriors volunteered for duty and risked their  lives while fighting rampant misogyny, including attacks from talking  heads on national TV--who have never served our country--and racism for  the women of color. Their unflinching courage has paved the way for  thousands of women serving in our Armed Forces today. Our military is  stronger and this country is safer because women serve.   We honor these military women's achievements today on the House  floor. May we never forget their sacrifice, duty, and dedication. May  they elevate a new generation of women in the military, free from bias,  racial discrimination, and sexual assault.   