 Mr. President, during my recent travels across Iowa on my  99-county tour, I couldn't help but notice the number of ``Help  Wanted'' or ``Now Hiring'' signs on storefronts along nearly every  highway and Main Street.   In an era where we seem to live through one unprecedented occurrence  after another, the dire job situation has become the latest  extraordinary event as millions of Americans remain unemployed, despite  an abundance of jobs that need to be filled.   In fact, the number of available jobs has reached an alltime record  high, 8.1 million positions that need to be filled. And 44 percent of  all small business owners have openings they cannot fill, another  record. What makes this all the more stunning is that the Nation's  unemployment rate increased last month to 6.1 percent. There are now  more than 9 million jobless Americans, and nearly a third of those have  been unemployed for a year or more.   In Iowa, the number of unemployed slowly inched upwards in February  and March, and we continue to have more job openings than we do job  seekers. There are more than 62,000 job listings posted on the Iowa  Workforce Development website, which exceeds the total number of Iowans  filing for unemployment benefits.   The jobs span a variety of occupations and locations in the State,  and employers are desperate to fill them. The police department of Iowa  City is urgently trying to hire 10 officers and is offering a $5,000  signing bonus to new recruits. And I should note that another factor  here could be the ongoing efforts to defund the police being pushed by  folks on the left.    The owner of the Blind Pig restaurant in Cedar Rapids is paying  higher wages plus a $500 sign-on bonus, but even that isn't enough to  attract workers. He says in the past he would get up to 50 applicants  when he placed a ``Help Wanted'' notice, but now he might get 2. Yep,  that is it. Two, he said, if he is lucky.   So what gives? Part of the problem is that the government pays folks  more to stay home than to go to work.   I have heard from restaurant owners in Bellevue who need about 36  employees between their two locations and can only find 20. They have  been forced to suspend plans to expand, costing additional jobs and  stifling economic development.   Similarly, the owner of a small business in Cedar Rapids that offers  good-paying jobs that don't require a college degree was turned down by  three separate people because they chose to stay on unemployment  instead.   I have also heard from folks who run in-home care services in West  Des Moines and Cedar Rapids about their difficulties hiring providers  for their professional care teams. Again, this is all due, in large  part, to the Federal Government's excessive unemployment perks.   This may have made some sense a year ago, when there was plenty of  uncertainty. But due to the success of Operation Warp Speed, we now  have vaccines; and COVID cases, hospitalizations, and deaths are  trending down.   Despite thousands being out of work in Siouxland, local businesses  can't find the workers they need. The store manager of Sam's Mini Mart  says: ``People come in here and say, why work when I don't have to,  when unemployment's going to pay me?'' He goes on to say: ``We've even  upped our wages, our starting wages, and nothing seems to work.''   Paying people not to work is not helpful. It is delaying us from  returning to normal, prepandemic life. For our businesses in Iowa,  ``normal'' means operating at full capacity.   If we are going to begin erasing the damages caused by the last year  of the pandemic and get our economy moving again, we cannot continue to  let Democrats disincentivize work.   Thankfully, in Iowa, our great Governor, Kim Reynolds, has already  taken steps to curb the excessive Federal unemployment that has kept  Iowans on the sidelines and created these challenges for our employers.   Now, we need to do more nationwide. As a senior member of the Senate  Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, I am hoping to lead a  bicameral effort to end the enhanced perks at the Federal level. The  Get Americans Back to Work Act, which I helped put forward, decreases  the extra Federal unemployment benefits to $150 per week at the end of  this month and then fully repeals them at the end of June.   It is time for Congress, the Biden administration, and State leaders  across the country to do their jobs and help Americans get back to  work.   With that, I yield the floor.   