 Madam President, I come to the floor this afternoon to  support the nomination of David Estudillo to serve as district court  judge for the U.S. District Court for the Western District of  Washington.   I am pleased to join my colleague Senator Murray in supporting Judge  Estudillo, who was voted out of the Senate Judiciary Committee on a  bipartisan basis, and I certainly appreciate the support of both the  chairman and the ranking member on this nomination.   Mr. Estudillo is the son of Mexican immigrants who came to the Yakima  Valley as part of the Bracero Program in the 1960s.   Growing up, he learned and embraced both the culture of his parents  and that of the United States. Judge Estudillo is a great example of  the successes and contributions many immigrant families make to our  great Nation.   Judge Estudillo earned an associate of arts degree from Columbia  Basin Community College and his bachelor of arts degree and juris  doctorate from the University of Washington.   After graduating from law school, Judge Estudillo practiced general  and civil litigation and immigration law in Moses Lake and Seattle and  tried cases in both Seattle and Tacoma immigration courts. He is well  experienced in many issues of the law.   He was appointed to the Grant County Superior Court in 2015 and was  the only Latino judge in any Eastern Washington State court. Judge  Estudillo received bipartisan support, with endorsements from both  Democratic and Republican local officials and support from all nine of  Washington State Supreme Court justices.   He has earned the respect and the support of his community. To quote  a letter that was sent to the Judiciary Committee from Mayor David  Curnel of Moses Lake, WA, he said Judge Estudillo ``is a respected  member of our community. He is involved in our community. He is  committed to our community. This is what I understand about Judge  Estudillo and why I can recommend him highly for a Federal judge  position.''   In short, Judge Estudillo is a well-qualified jurist, and he has  dedicated his entire legal career to practicing and supporting his  community. I am pleased to have recommended him along with my colleague  Senator Murray to the President. I know his strong character and  respect for the rule of law, a sense of justice, fairness, humility,  empathy, and capacity for compassion and understanding would be a  benefit to the court and all the parties concerned.   I urge my colleagues to support Judge Estudillo's nomination.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   