 Mr. Speaker, I thank President Biden and all of the  Democratic leadership for this wonderful, historic piece of legislation  that we are voting on here today. This indeed responds to the needs of  the American people during this pandemic. This is why I came to  Congress to do this kind of work, and I am so proud to be a Democratic  Member of Congress at this time.   This bill not only supports education; it gives stimulus checks to  put food on the table and unemployment assistance. Small businesses  will be able to reopen and stay open. Then everybody will have access  to the vaccines that will be made available because of this bill.   It has been said more than once that this bill will take children out  of poverty. They will be able to depend on regular assistance to them  and their families every month.   I am so pleased that as the chair of the Committee on Financial  Services, I have, in my jurisdiction, $77 billion to deal with some  very critical issues.   This bill includes critical funding for emergency rental assistance,  providing $22.5 billion to pay the back rent and future rent payments  owed by millions of struggling families. That is in urban communities,  rural communities, Black, White, and Asian. All folks will have access  to this rental assistance.   Mr. Speaker, combined with the funding for emergency rental  assistance I negotiated in the December stimulus package and the $5  billion for 70,000 new housing vouchers that are included in this  package, this bill is truly historic and will help people across the  Nation to remain safely housed.    Mr. Speaker, since March 2020, when the COVID-19 pandemic  plunged this country into a public health emergency and wreaked havoc  on the U.S. economy, House Democrats have worked around the clock to  advance robust legislation to address our public health needs and to  provide real assistance to those who have been affected by this deadly  pandemic.  [[Page H1281]]    That day has finally arrived. The American Rescue Plan Act is the  culmination of a year-long effort by Democrats to tackle the pandemic  crisis and provide assistance to struggling individuals, families,  small businesses and communities. Under the leadership of President  Biden, Democrats in the House and Senate are taking action to deliver  robust relief across the country.   With millions out of work, facing eviction, experiencing hunger, and  struggling to make ends meet, this legislation is urgently needed.   The Committee on Financial Services drafted key recommendations that  are contained in the legislation under consideration today, and as  Chairwoman I am providing an explanatory statement of these provisions  to guide the Administration's implementation of these provisions.  Section 3101. COVID-19 Emergency Medical Supplies Enhancement.    Subsection (a) of section 3101 provides $10,000,000,000 to carry out  titles I, III, and VII of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C.  4501 et seq)(DPA) to boost the production of essential medical  equipment and supplies related to combating the COVID-19 Pandemic. The  Committee expects that in implementing this section, the President will  seek to make investments in both urban and rural areas to the extent  this is consistent with the country's health needs.   Subsection (b) sets out the purposes for which the $10 billion  provided by this section may be used. Paragraph (1) provides that the  funds may be used for the purchase, production or distribution of  medical equipment and supplies related to combating the COVID-19  Pandemic, including funding for all types of COVID-19 tests, personal  protection equipment, including N95 masks, and vaccines and drugs for  preventing or treating COVID-19 or its symptoms. Subsection (b) also  provides for using such funds for acquisition of material, including  raw materials, equipment and technology needed for such purposes. The  Committee notes that testing is critical to ensure that we can stamp  out the pandemic, and the provision includes in-vitro diagnostic  testing, intended to be interpreted as that term is defined in section  809.3(a) of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations), for the detection  of SARS-CoV-2 or the diagnosis of the virus that causes Covid-19. The  Committee expects that such tests will include inexpensive rapid at- home antigen tests that will allow individuals to identify new  infections quickly and safely. This subsection also provides for  vaccines, which are described in this section as biological products,  intended to be interpreted as that term is defined by section 351 of  the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262). The Committee also notes  that ``drugs'' and ``medical devices'' as used in subsection (b)(1)(C)  are intended to be interpreted as those terms are defined in the  Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.))   Subsection (b) also provides that after September 30, 2022, funds  appropriated by subsection (a) may be used to combat future pathogens  that the President determines have the potential for creating a public  health emergency. This additional flexibility can be used to address  the current or future pathogens. Given this flexibility, the Committee  expects that if the President exercises this authority, the President  will consult with the relevant committees, including providing  information on the amounts the President anticipates the administration  would spend to combat such a pathogen prior to exercising this  authority. Because of the wide ranging interests in these matters, in  addition to the Committee on Financial Services, information should be  provided to the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs,  the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, the Committee on Energy  and Commerce, and the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and  Pensions.   The Committee also expects that the President will provide timely  information regarding the use of these funds, whether for the COVID-19  Pandemic or for future pathogens. In particular, the Committee expects  that the President will provide information on any commitment of more  than $50 million, whether in the forms of expenditures or loans under  the Defense Production Act of 1950, prior to making such commitment.  Because of the wide interest in these matters, the Committee expects  that all such information, shall be provided not only to the Committee  but also to the Committees described above.   The Committee also expects that the funds provided by this section  will primarily be used by the Secretary of Health and Human Services  (HHS). The DPA allows the President to delegate his authority under the  DPA to various agencies, and he has delegated DPA authority under Title  III of the Act to HHS. While the DPA has been administered by the  Department of Defense, the funds made available by this section are not  for support of the Defense Industrial Base, but are for medical  supplies and equipment related to the COVID-19 Pandemic. However, the  Committee recognizes that the President may determine that it is  important that other agencies, such as the Department of Homeland  Security, have a role in either producing or distributing key supplies  with respect to the Pandemic or a future pathogen that has the  potential to cause a public health emergency. If the President  delegates this authority to any agency other than HHS because it is  important to do so, the Committee expects the President to consult with  the relevant Committees prior to take such action, and notify the  relevant Committees of which agency would exercise such authority, the  amount and the purpose for which the funds would be used.   Finally, the Committee notes that the Senate Amendment removed  references to section 304(e) of the Defense Production Act of 1950  (relating to limits on carryover funds remaining in the Defense  Production Act Fund established by section 304 of the Act). The  Committee believes by eliminating this reference, the $10 billion  provided by section 3101 is no longer intended to be deposited into the  DPA Fund. The statutory framework established by section 3101 clearly  provides that the funds provided by this section are for any purpose in  titles I, III and VII (including paying for critical infrastructure  under section 107 of the Act and for experts and other personnel under  Title VII of the Act). By its terms, amounts in the DPA Fund are  available only for purposes of Title III, so funds from section 3101  should not be deposited into this Fund. This is also consistent with  the provision free standing nature, as opposed to referencing the  existing ``DPA Purchases'' account, which is a proxy for deposits into  the Fund. Moreover, the fact that the funds have a specific duration  until September 30, 2025 demonstrates that these funds have a special  status that is not consistent with the statutory frame of DPA Fund.  Thus, in agreeing to the Senate Amendment, the Committee intends that  the President establish a new account to allow these funds to be used  for the purposes of titles I, III, and VII of the Act and to available  until September 30, 2025, without reference to section 304 of the Act.  In order to ease execution of these funds, the President may use  existing delegations and structures to carry out this provision,  including current mechanisms for execution of the DPA Fund.   The Committee notes that this section draws from H.R. 1720,  introduced by Representative Juan Vargas of California.   With millions of individuals and families struggling to pay their  rent, action is urgently needed to prevent an eviction crisis.  According to the latest U.S. Census data, nearly 1 in 5 renters are  behind on paying rent, with renters of color disproportionally  struggling, while Moody's Analytics recently estimated that renters  collectively owe over $57 billion in unpaid rent, utilities, and  additional fees. Section 3201 provides $21.6 billion for states,  localities, and territories to provide emergency assistance to renters.  This funding supplements the $25 billion in emergency rental assistance  funding provided by Congress in December (Section 501 of the  Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 (Public Law 116-260) (Section  501)) but includes additional flexibilities to ensure grantees can  better stabilize renters. The Biden administration should again extend  the federal eviction moratorium that expires on March 31, 2021 so that  grantees have time to distribute assistance to renters in need.   Renters would be able to receive up to 18 months of financial  assistance, including future rent and utility payments (including pad  rents in manufactured housing communities), and unpaid rent or utility  bills that have accumulated. Renters can also receive assistance for  other housing-related expenses necessary to promote housing stability,  such as, but not limited to:, security deposits; relocation and rental  fees for displaced households; late fees related to a former or current  rental unit; and internet service provided to the rental unit. Section  3201 does not preclude grantees from continuing payment processes  provided in Section 501. These processes are the provisions that govern  payments of rent and utility assistance either to property owners and  utilities or directly to tenants, and the application for assistance by  landlords and owners under subsection (f). Additionally, funds can be  used to provide housing stability services, such as, but not limited  to: case management; tenant-landlord mediation; legal services related  to eviction and housing stability; housing counseling; fair housing  counseling; and specialized services for people with disabilities,  people with chronic health conditions, seniors, or survivors of  domestic violence or human trafficking. Similar to Section 501, Section  3201 permits grantees to use a certain percentage of their funds on  administrative costs to support eligible program activities, including  the provision of financial assistance and housing stability services.  Grantees may also use up to 10 percent of their funds on providing  housing stability services. As in Section 501, funds are provided to  states to assist renters throughout the state, including in rural  communities, as  [[Page H1282]]  well as cities and counties that receive a direct allocation.   The Committee expects the Department of the Treasury (Treasury) (the  agency implementing the program) and grantees to implement Section 3201  swiftly and not create any artificial barriers to assistance. In  particular, we have seen with some benefits provided by the CARES Act,  that documentation requirements to prove eligibility have erected  artificial barriers that have cut people off from the benefits Congress  intended them to receive. Indeed, diverse stakeholders, including  tenant advocates, landlords, and state and local government agencies  have raised concerns that such requirements that have been applied in  existing emergency rental assistance programs have prevented renters  from completing applications and are overly burdensome for program  staff. It is critical that any renters who are struggling to pay their  rent during the pandemic are not barred from accessing this assistance  due to cumbersome documentation requirements or other barriers. An  applicant's simple attestation should be the only documentation  required to meet program eligibility requirements. Additionally,  grantees may continue the income assessment procedures pursuant to  Section 501 to determine eligibility. It is also the intent of the  Committee that Treasury and grantees broadly read the requirement  regarding the connection between a renter's hardship and the  coronavirus pandemic when determining the eligibility of the renter. As  the language states, the hardship must have occurred ``during or due,  directly or indirectly, to the coronavirus pandemic.'' The economic  effects of the pandemic will be felt long after the virus is contained.  Certain industries and communities have been particularly hard-hit from  the pandemic and will likely take years to recover. Treasury should  issue guidance that makes this point clear to ensure renters are not  cut off from needed assistance as they try to recover from economic  downturns caused by the pandemic.   Section 3201 also provides that after October 1, 2022, certain  grantees may expend funds on ``other affordable rental housing and  eviction prevention activities'' that benefit any very low-income  renter household. Such activities can include affordable housing  development, preservation, or acquisition, and other forms of rental  assistance and eviction prevention activities targeted to very low- income renters.   To ensure continuity in monitoring funds provided by Section 3201 and  Section 501 and ease of grantee implementation, Treasury should  maintain the same reporting requirements that were included in Section  501.   The Committee encourages the Administration to create and maintain a  central public repository of information on state and local rental  assistance programs, which at a minimum identifies the program's  administering agency and contact information, so that renters and  landlords can more easily identify available assistance.   Finally, to the extent there is any confusion with regard to the  taxability of assistance, Treasury, in consultation with the Internal  Revenue Service, should provide guidance to clarify this for grantees  and program participants.   During this public health emergency and financial crisis, millions of  homes are threatened by foreclosure, with over 8 million homeowners  behind on their mortgage payments, and an estimated $90 billion in  missed mortgage payments. Targeted, direct assistance to homeowners  through the Homeowner Assistance Fund (HAF or Fund) is an essential  tool that will help avoid a repeat of the 2008 foreclosure crisis,  which upended the lives of millions of Americans and eviscerated the  generational wealth for many communities, namely for families and  communities of color.   Although the CARES Act provided a foreclosure moratorium and  forbearance for federally-backed mortgages, many homeowners will lose  their homes to foreclosure in the absence of additional assistance.  Approximately 30 percent of the mortgage market is not federally-backed  and, therefore, ineligible for CARES Act forbearance relief provided in  March of 2020. Elderly borrowers with reverse mortgages (known as Home  Equity Conversion Mortgages or HECMs) will need assistance paying their  taxes, insurance, and utilities on time to avoid foreclosure. Low-to- moderate income homeowners may need more payment assistance after  forbearance than is possible through loss mitigation programs. Single- family rental property owners and other homeowners without a mortgage  will also need assistance to avoid losing their homes due to  foreclosures. The HAF would be able to help with other housing costs  beyond mortgage payments, and can be used for things like principal  reduction that are not offered through loss mitigation for federal  mortgage programs but can provide deeper payment reductions for  homeowners who need it.   Administered through the Department of the Treasury (Treasury), the  HAF would provide nearly $10 billion for states, territories, and  tribal governments to address the ongoing needs of homeowners  struggling to afford their housing because they have experienced a  financial hardship associated with the coronavirus pandemic. Designed  to work alongside CARES Act mortgage forbearance relief and federal  loss mitigation programs, the HAF will prevent foreclosures by  providing homeowners direct assistance with their mortgage payments,  property taxes, property insurance, utilities, and other housing  related costs. The funding would be administered similar to the Hardest  Hit Fund (HHF), which was a homeowner relief program created in the  aftermath of the 2008 crisis that was administered primarily through  State Housing Finance Agencies. While HHF funding was available to  select states, the HAF has been calibrated to be available to all  states, territories, and tribes, and to account for significantly  higher rates of unemployment today as compared to 2008.   Of the nearly $10 billion dollars provided through the HAF, 60  percent of funds are required to serve homeowners making at or below  100 percent of the area median income or the national median income,  whichever is higher. The flexibility in income determination between  AMI and national median income is intended to ensure resources reach  localities where the area median income may be too low to adequately  serve struggling tribal homeowners and other homeowners living in rural  areas. The remaining 40 percent of funds are not income limited and  must be targeted to socially disadvantaged individuals, which the  Committee expects will capture homeowners of color, including Black,  Latinx, Asian, and Native American homeowners across the income  spectrum who have been shown to be at disproportionate risk of being  delinquent on their mortgages and at risk of foreclosure due to having  lower savings and less wealth on average compared to White homeowners.  According to the U.S. Census Bureau's weekly Pulse Survey data, Black,  Latinx, and Asian homeowners have consistently been more than twice as  likely as White homeowners, despite age, sex, income, and geography, to  be behind on their mortgage payments. Similarly, a survey conducted by  Fannie Mae found that 51 percent of Black homeowners and 65 percent of  Latinx homeowners were not familiar with forbearance relief options  provided through the CARES Act, despite being the populations with the  greatest need.   The Committee expects that Treasury's implementation and  administration of the Fund will include proper oversight and reporting  requirements to monitor and ensure HAF funding properly reaches and  serves the populations that have been documented to be experiencing  disproportionate need during the current crisis. Adequate reporting  should be made publicly available on a quarterly basis and include the  types and amount of assistance provided, the terms of such assistance,  with the data disaggregated by locality, race, ethnicity, sex, and  other factors that provide transparency and oversight in accordance  with the law. Such reporting will also be essential in Treasury's  ability to implement the HAF Reallocation provision.   While the Department of Housing and Urban Development, in  coordination with the Department of Justice, is responsible for the  enforcement of the Fair Housing Act (FHAct), the FHAct requires that  all federal housing programs and funds be administered in ways that  affirmatively further fair housing and do not perpetuate historically  inequitable distribution of housing funds. Therefore, both Treasury and  eligible entities have a legal responsibility to affirmatively further  fair housing through HAF, and to ensure that the administration of  housing relief funds do not have a disparate impact on protected  classes under the FHAct. The federal government must avoid its mistakes  of the past that have resulted in the lopsided, inequitable provision  of housing relief that fails to meet the needs of hardest hit  communities that are often the lowest income communities and  communities of color. In support of these efforts, Section 3208  provides $20 million for HUD's Fair Housing Initiatives Program to  support housing discrimination complaint intake and on-the-ground fair  housing investigations.    Additionally, Treasury must provide eligible entities with clear and  standard guidance early on in its administration of HAF to facilitate  proper and expeditious implementation. The Committee expects Treasury  to clarify that assistance provided through HAF should not be  considered income for a homeowner receiving relief. Additionally,  Treasury should make sure it is made clear as early on as possible that  eligible entities can utilize a portion of their HAF funds to establish  and administer their programs, similar to what was allowed through HHF.  The Committee also expects that the Treasury will allow eligible  entities that overestimate funding needs for administrative purposes to  transfer and use such funds in the provision of assistance to  homeowners.   Following the 2008 financial crisis and Great Recession, Congress  established the State Small Business Credit Initiative (SSBCI) that  provided $1.5 billion to the Department of the  [[Page H1283]]  Treasury (Treasury) to fund various state, territory, and local small  business loan and investment programs. This program was leveraged to  support $10.7 billion in new financing to small businesses, helping to  create or save more than 240,000 jobs. The median small business size  supported by SSBCI had 3 full time employees, and the median loan or  investment amount was $33,000. Approximately 41 percent of SSBCI  supported transactions went to women or minority-owned businesses. This  successful program expired in 2017.   In light of the widespread challenges small businesses, especially  minority-owned businesses, have faced during the COVID-19 pandemic,  Section 3301 would effectively reauthorize the SSBCI, providing $10  billion in federal funds to support up to $100 billion in new loans and  investments for small businesses through state, territory, tribal, and  local small business programs. This amount includes up to $2.5 billion  in federal funds to support business enterprises owned and controlled  by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, including  minority-owned businesses. This amount also includes up to $500 million  for tribal government programs, and $500 million to provide technical  assistance to small businesses that need legal, accounting, financial  and other kinds of advice in applying for small business support  programs.   As the renewed SSBCI is stood up, the Treasury should provide  adequate support to small businesses, especially very small businesses  and those owned by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals.  Socially and economically disadvantaged individuals may include racial  and ethnic minorities, women, indigenous people, veterans, or others  who have been marginalized by their social or economic conditions.  Additionally, through the program requirements Treasury is authorized  to establish and through other means, the Committee expects Treasury to  closely oversee states' expenditure of $2.5 billion funds that are to  directly support businesses owned by socially and economically  disadvantaged individuals, including establishing a minimum level of  support states and other jurisdictions receiving funds provide to these  businesses.   In addition, the Treasury should require states to provide a specific  plan to engage minority depository institutions (MDIs), community  development financial institutions (CDFIs) and other mission-driven  lenders who have a strong track record of supporting small and  minority-owned businesses. Treasury should also require states to a  COVID-19 pandemic response plan with their application, describing how  the state will expeditiously utilize funds to support small businesses,  including business enterprises owned and controlled by socially and  economically disadvantaged individuals, in responding to and recovering  from the economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Moreover, Treasury  should also require states to agree that no lending activity supported  by SSBCI funds would result in predatory lending, including charging  interest rates in excess of 36 percent annual percentage rate under the  Military Lending Act.   With respect to the technical assistance funds made available under  Section 3301, Treasury should maximize the ability to deploy these  funds to the Minority Business Development Agency (MBDA) at the  Department of Commerce, which could expedite support to a network of  business counselors, minority chambers of commerce and non-profit  organizations that are already providing such services in their  communities. Further, given research demonstrating that increasing  employee ownership is one way to help narrow gender and racial wealth  gaps, the Committee encourages Treasury to provide funds to states that  use the funds to support state employee ownership centers that provide  technical assistance to businesses, including providing resources on  how small businesses can offer workers employee stock ownership plans.   Furthermore, the Committee expects that the Treasury will provide  timely information regarding the use of these funds. The Treasury  should require the gathering of data on program implementation,  including but not limited to, demographics on program participants and  interest rates assessed by lenders and investors. This data should be  reported to the public and the appropriate congressional committees of  jurisdiction, as well as shared with appropriate federal audit  agencies, such as the Inspector General's office and the Government  Accountability Office, for review.   The CARES Act, signed into law on March 27, 2020, established the  Payroll Support Program (PSP), which provided $32 billion in payroll  support for workers employed by airlines, cargo air carriers, and  contractors servicing air carriers at airports. Through the  Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021, Congress approved the Payroll  Support Program Extension (PSP2), which provided short-term relief to  the same class of workers as PSP until March 31, 2021. According to  some estimates, major U.S. airlines lost over $35 billion in 2020, and  require additional assistance to support their workforce. Therefore,  Section 7301 would provide $15 billion to further extend the Payroll  Support Program (PSP3) through at least September 30, 2021, to provide  payroll support for airline workers and related contract workers.  Specifically, PSP3 would provide $14 billion to support workers of  eligible air carriers, and $1 billion would be available to support  workers of eligible contractors. Given the budget reconciliation  process and the need to rely on the PSP2 distribution framework, the  Committee urges Treasury to implement this program in a robust and fair  manner so that all entities eligible for PSP2 and PSP3 are able to  access the program and provide ongoing support for its workforce.   Like other businesses, airports and airport concessions have been hit  hard during the pandemic. To help ensure those businesses and their  workers get the support they need until the public health emergency is  over and normal activity resumes, Section 7102 provides $8 billion in  relief for airports, including at least $800 million to support airport  concessions. In administering the program, the Federal Aviation  Administration (FAA) should implement this program along with the  relief program Congress enacted into law through the Coronavirus  Response and Relief Supplemental Appropriation Act on December 27,  2020, holistically and prioritize support for minority-owned  businesses, including Airport Concession Disadvantaged Business  Enterprises (ACDBEs). Moreover, Section 7102 recognizes the  interconnected ecosystem that many airport concessions operate in,  including through joint ventures and other partnerships with large  airport concessions they receive indirect support from. As such, the  FAA should support the full ecosystem while taking all necessary steps  to ensure small and minority-owned concessions, regardless of the  contractual arrangements those entities are a party to as an airport  concession (e.g. joint venture, sub-tenant under a master lease or  master developer, etc.), receive robust rent and fee abatement as  expeditiously as possible. While Section 7102 provides airports with  critical funding to support airport concessionaires, the amount  appropriated is less than what stakeholders have indicated is necessary  to support workers and promote stability during this difficult time.  Given the key role concessionaires of all types provide to the  traveling public and to airport finances, I encourage the FAA and other  federal agencies to find ways to provide additional financial and other  support to the airport concessions ecosystem during this challenging  time.   Mr. Speaker, individuals, families and small businesses are in urgent  need of assistance. This legislation delivers robust relief to  communities across the country during this pandemic crisis. Colleagues,  please join me and vote yes for H.R. 1319.    Madam Speaker, I was unavoidably delayed by a constituent  on the phone. Had I been present, I would have voted ``yea'' on  rollcall No. 73.       MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS       Allred (Davids (KS))      Amodei (Kelly (PA))      Babin (Norman)      Baird (Walorski)      Barragan (Beyer)      Beatty (Lawrence)      Bush (Ocasio-Cortez)      Cardenas (Gomez)      Cleaver (Davids (KS))      Cohen (Beyer)      DeFazio (Davids (KS))      Grijalva (Garcia (IL))      Hastings (Wasserman Schultz)      Johnson (TX) (Jeffries)      Kahele (Case)      Kirkpatrick (Stanton)      Langevin (Lynch)      Lawson (FL) (Evans)      Lieu (Beyer)      Lofgren (Jeffries)      Lowenthal (Beyer)      McEachin (Wexton)      McHenry (Banks)      Meng (Clark (MA))      Moore (WI) (Beyer)      Morelle (Tonko)      Moulton (Rice (NY))      Napolitano (Correa)      Payne (Wasserman Schultz)      Pingree (Kuster)      Porter (Wexton)      Roybal-Allard (Leger Fernandez)      Ruiz (Aguilar)      Rush (Underwood)      Steube (Franklin, C. Scott)      Strickland (DelBene)      Thompson (MS) (Butterfield)      Watson Coleman (Pallone)      Wilson (FL) (Hayes)   