 Madam Speaker, I rise to urge my colleagues to support  the CISA Cyber Exercise Act, a bipartisan bill to strengthen our  preparation for cyber threats, which I introduced following the  ransomware attacks on the Colonial Pipeline.   Last month, I happened to have the Secretary of Agriculture, Mr.  Vilsack join me in Ingham County in my district to talk to farmers  about protecting family farms, a very important topic in a rural  community like mine. And when we went to open Q and A what I think  shocked everybody was that the first man to stand up, the first farmer  that stood up in his John Deere hat and his overalls wanted to know  about cybersecurity. That was the first thing on his mind.   I never imagined that, as a Member of Congress, I would find myself  standing in a barn talking with local farmers about ransomware,  cyberattacks, and how we are going to protect ourselves but, in fact, I  have been having that conversation over and over again in my community.  And that is because the last few months have made clear to all  Americans that cybersecurity is not just a tech issue, it has gone  mainstream. It is at the very heart of protecting our critical  infrastructure, energy, food, water, and healthcare that drives our  daily lives, and it affects every single one of us. That is why just a  week after a ransomware attack struck the world's largest meat  processor, these Ingham County farmers wanted to know how cyberattacks  would affect their family farms, their livelihood.   What would happen if we were struck by ransomware in Michigan? Who  could they turn to to call for help? And above all, what is our  government doing to protect citizens who are on the front lines of this  threat?   I introduced the CISA Cyber Exercise Act to help answer exactly those  questions.   This bill will make sure that our government is preparing for the  full range of cyber threats and that we are giving our communities and  businesses the tools they need to be secure and resilient.    It strengthens CISA, which is literally America's 911 call for  cybersecurity, by formally establishing a National Cyber Exercise  Program to test our Nation's response plans for major cyberattacks.   It also directs CISA to build and expand a set of model cyber  exercises that can be used by our State and local governments.   By passing this legislation today, we are helping to ensure our  Nation and our communities are protected.   