 Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman Levin for organizing  this Special Order for a very special person. It is my honor to  participate. I know you were a great friend and ally of President  Trumka, and he would be so proud that you are leading the way for us  this evening.   Richard Trumka. That name is synonymous with workers' rights. Richard  Trumka, fairness for everyone. Richard Trumka, middle class with a  union label on it. Richard Trumka, fighter for the people.   As we are engaged in our negotiations now, I think of Richard every  day because he always said, when you get down to the end of the  negotiation, that is when you have to be the strongest. Never tire.  Never tire. Always save energy for that final negotiation. Because  sometimes people relax and say, well, let's just get it over with, but  Richard Trumka would never adopt that attitude when he was there  working for the workers.   Richard Trumka was an unsurpassed titan of the labor movement. A  third-generation coal miner, Richard dedicated his life for the right  to organize from his work at the United Mine Workers of America to his  decades-long leadership of the AFL-CIO.   In everything he did, Richard Trumka was always thinking about the  workers. What can we do to give them more certainty in their lives in  terms of good pay, jobs, benefits, and working conditions?   Richard Trumka was a great patriot, and he fought always to  strengthen the middle class, as I said, and lift up those who aspire to  it, understanding that the middle class--again, which is the backbone  of our democracy--has a union label on it.   Richard carried his values into other realms of public policy, as he  recognized and respected the dignity of all people, whether speaking  out against Apartheid in South Africa or fighting bigotry and racism at  home. His leadership transcended any single movement.   Richard's courage in speaking truth to power made a difference for  millions. And it made Richard a respected ally in Congress' mission to  advance the health, financial security, and well-being of working  families.   After his passing, many members immediately called for the PRO Act-- the cornerstone of Democrats' proworker agenda--to be renamed in his  Honor. Doing so would be a fitting way to pay tribute to this great  hero for workers. We did pass the pension bill in the rescue package  and now the PRO Act.   While we remain heartbroken over Richard's passing, we take comfort  in knowing that Richard's leadership gives a legacy that will inspire  countless people for years and generations to come.   I know I share the same impression when we heard that he died. It was  like, it can't be. He is a giant. He is so strong. It can't be, but it  was.   Again, the legacy that he left is something we will always build on  in his memory. May it be a comfort to his wife, Barbara, their loved  ones, and the 11 million men and women of the AFL-CIO that so many  mourn their loss. We are praying for them at this sad time.   Richard Trumka, we love you. We miss you. May you rest in peace.   