 Mr. Speaker, I happily rise in support of this joint  budget resolution for fiscal year 2021 to enact our President Biden's  American Rescue Plan and provide urgently needed COVID-19 relief.   Thank God for President Biden. We have been without a plan with a  President who was busy trying to steal votes and abandon the American  people when he knew that we were suffering.   Communities across the Nation continue to suffer during this pandemic  crisis. Congress has a duty to act and come to the aid of struggling  individuals, families, and small businesses.   Mr. Speaker, this is not about giving tax breaks to the richest  people in America the way the past President and the Republicans are  intent on always doing.   President Biden's plan provides the relief that America needs so  badly. The plan increases the stimulus payments to individuals in  December to $2,000, adding $1,400 for every individual; extends  enhanced unemployment assistance; and provides nutritional assistance  to address growing hunger.   Mr. Speaker, people are hungry all over America. They are hungry in  the cities, in the little towns, in the rural areas. This plan provides  nutritional assistance to address this growing hunger and includes $350  billion in funding for State, local, Tribal, and territorial  governments.   Mr. Speaker, as chairwoman of the House Committee on Financial  Services, I have been sounding the alarm about the urgent need for  emergency rental and homeless assistance during this crisis, as  millions are at risk of losing their homes. They don't care on the  other side whether families will be set out on the sidewalks with their  children. The past President turned a blind eye to the fact that people  have not been able to pay their rents since March.   Mr. Speaker, pursuant to this resolution, my committee will quickly  consider an additional $25 billion to support renters and their  landlords, including by funding emergency housing vouchers, Tribal  housing assistance, and rural housing. We will provide another round of  funding for people experiencing homelessness, who are often the most  vulnerable to the pandemic.   Mr. Speaker, my committee will also quickly respond to the urgent  needs of small and minority-owned businesses by establishing programs  used successfully during the financial crisis to promote growth in the  economy.    Mr. Speaker, importantly, my committee will support our  President's effort to roll out a comprehensive Federal plan to address  the pandemic by considering how to bolster the authorities under the  Defense Production Act to ensure our frontline workers have the medical  equipment and supplies they need to fight this pandemic.   Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased we finally have a plan for America.   