 Mr. President, it is wonderful to see you in the Chair.    Mr. President, one thing you can say about Americans,  we know how to meet the moment.   When the world was upended by a Great Depression and a quarter of our  people were out of work, we took bold action. A brandnew President,  Franklin Delano Roosevelt, and large majorities in Congress ushered in  a New Deal that put folks back to work, stabilized our economy, and  invested in America's future.   When freedom abroad was threatened by fascism, we again took bold  action as a country. We used American ingenuity to build an arsenal of  democracy, which, by the middle of 1944, was churning out B-24 bombers  every 60 minutes at Ford's Willow Run plant in Michigan.   Now is the time again to take bold action on behalf of the American  people. We are now a year into a pandemic that has claimed the lives of  nearly 450,000 Americans--450,000 Americans--parents and grandparents  and friends and neighbors and cousins and coworkers and community  leaders. Almost 15,000 lives have already been lost in Michigan--dear  souls lost to us.   And it is not just lives that have been lost. Businesses have closed,  workers have been laid off, folks have been without paychecks for  months and months.   Parents are struggling to keep food on the table and the heat on  while troubleshooting the spotty internet their children depend on to  keep their classes going on Zoom.   And grandmas and grandpas are missing out on seeing their families  grow up. Babies born last March are already learning to walk and talk,  and too many have not had a chance to be with them in person.   Americans know how to meet the moment, and it is time for us to do it  again. It is time to pass a rescue plan bold enough to stamp out this  pandemic, get families the immediate help they need to weather the  economic crisis, and get our children safely back in school.   That is just what our American Rescue Plan will do, and we need to  get it done as soon as possible. American families have waited long  enough.   There are a lot of good things happening right now. A home COVID-19  test was just approved. Soon we will have three effective vaccines  available. We know that we can't get back to normal, though, or revive  our battered economy unless we get vaccine off shelves and into  American arms.   That is why our plan will increase the number of people being  vaccinated, boost our testing capacity, and ensure that our healthcare  professionals and other frontline workers have adequate protective  equipment.   The plan will also provide additional funding for rural health  infrastructure through the agriculture portion of our bill, which I am  so pleased to lead.   Our rural hospitals are struggling to survive right now like places  where I grew up in Northern Michigan. This funding will help them keep  their doors open, purchase necessary supplies, vaccinate more people,  and treat more patients via telehealth, which has become so important.   In the meantime, we know that American families need help to survive  during this pandemic. They need help. They need to know we have got  their backs. They have got to know that, in all of this, somebody has  got their back.   The American Rescue Plan will give working families direct checks,  extend crucial unemployment programs, boost the child tax credit and  earned-income tax credit, which will lift half of American children out  of poverty this year.   Can you imagine? We have an opportunity here in Congress, working  with our wonderful new President and Vice President, to pass a policy  that will lift half the children in poverty out of poverty--not 10  years from now, not 5 years from now--this year. What an exciting  prospect. And we need to get it done.   This means struggling families will, with all of this help, be able  to cover the rent or the mortgage, pay their bills, keep food on the  table. And keeping food on the table is especially crucial in a time  when so many of our neighbors are going hungry.   In fact, we know that 50 million Americans across the country--moms  and dads and children--right now are facing hunger every day. We are  better than this as a country.   We have all heard stories about seniors waiting hours in lines for a  box of food or parents skipping meals so their children can have a  little more to eat.   The agriculture and nutrition funding in this American Rescue Plan  will tackle hunger head-on by extending pandemic EBT for the duration  of the pandemic. What does that mean? This is about children. This is  about feeding children--children who otherwise may get fed at school  but aren' able to do that to be able to have the resources they need  from moms and dads to feed them while they are not in school, as well  as in the summer.    It will also provide more fruits and vegetables for moms and babies  and make sure that families who are eligible for help are getting it.  People who need help in this country need to get that help. They need  to know we have their back.   We know that two-thirds of SNAP benefits--the Supplemental Nutrition  Assistance Program--two-thirds of it goes to families with children. By  extending the bump-up in SNAP funding through the end of September, we  can make sure families aren't running out of food and going hungry at  the end of the month.   That is especially important for children because it is hard to  learn--it is hard to learn how to read and write, and it is hard to  focus when your stomach is rumbling, when you have got a headache  because you haven't eaten. Our children need to be fed, and they need  to be back in class as well.   We can't get our economy moving again if parents can't return to  work, and parents can't return to work if they are worried that their  children aren't safe at school or one of the parents or the only parent  has to be home with the children. What do they do?   So all of this fits together, and this American Rescue Plan will  provide the support needed to safely reopen the majority of K-12  schools within President Biden's first 100 days.   How important is that? What a great goal for us to have, and we can  do that.  [[Page S314]]  We are just days away from working together and being able to get that  done, and it will serve all students, no matter how, no matter where  they learn.   And for our farmers, speaking as the incoming chair of the  Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee, our farmers who have  been directly affected by the ups and downs of the pandemic, the plan  addresses the break in the food supply chain, and it enables us to buy  and donate their products to food banks.   You know, we had so many selling to restaurants and big enterprises,  the food supply chain stopped. They have excess food. I know dairy  farmers in Michigan; it breaks their hearts to think of the idea of  dumping milk when we need that.   So the efforts that are in this bill will help them be able to move  from a bulk supply chain to be able to get gallon jugs, put the milk  into the hands of families, and stop the wasting of precious, valuable  food that our families need. This is going to help farmers' bottom  lines, and it feeds families in need.   Our agriculture provisions also provide critical funding for PPE for  farmworkers and workers who labor every day in food processing plants  so we have the food that we need--protective equipment that they need  and that they deserve.   The plan also targets help for farmers of color who have been hit  especially hard by the pandemic, on top of the historical challenges  and discrimination they have faced in accessing land and capital. The  plan provides critical debt relief to help them weather the storm and  keep their operations going until the next growing season.   Vaccinating Americans, providing economic help for families, getting  our children back to school safely, those are the three main goals of  this plan.   All of these goals have one thing in common: It is about investing in  people. It is about putting people first--the American people first.  Over our Nation's history, the policies that have truly been lifting  people out of poverty and moved them forward have invested in people,  from our land grant universities to social security and Medicare and  Medicaid, to the Civil Rights Act, to the Children's Health Insurance  Program, to increasing the minimum wage. And these are all policies, I  am proud to say, created and supported by Democrats.   Investing in our people helps American families, and it helps our  economy too. We have seen these Democratic policies create more jobs  when you look at the numbers. When we look at the numbers, under which  policies and which Presidents have we seen more good-paying jobs? And  over and over again it is Democratic Presidents because of the way that  we invest. It is what we do, how we invest, to create opportunity to  give everybody a fair shot to succeed, to invest in people and  opportunity. Those things have created better economies and more jobs.   So, broadly, we are committed to making sure everyone shares in the  prosperity of our country, and these policies create the conditions  necessary to help people dream big dreams and actually achieve them.   It is a new year. It is a new Congress. It is time to act. It is time  to end this pandemic, give families the economic support they need, and  get our children safely back to school. This is the moment. This is the  moment we need to think big. We need to be bold. We need to lean in on  policies that we know work--because they have worked before.   Americans know how to meet the moment, and our moment is now.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   