 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman. With both of us,  this is a maiden voyage, so it is wonderful to be with her. I thank her  for the work that she has done.   I thank our ranking member as well for the work on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, the past 4 years have seriously eroded our Nation's  position in the world. Under President Trump, our government was more  disruptive than constructive and more absent than present on the world  stage. This has been especially true in the midst of the worst public  health and economic crisis in a generation.   President Biden has made it clear that America is back. The State,  Foreign Operations, and Related Programs funding bill puts those words  into action. It makes America stronger at home and respected again in  the world. It restores American leadership by responding to global  health threats, including the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. It  addresses urgent humanitarian needs while confronting the climate  crisis.   As we speak, the global pandemic is far from over. Around the world,  we are still seeing over 400,000 new cases per  [[Page H4142]]  day and over 8,000 deaths. To confront this continuing crisis, this  bill invests in global health and the prevention of future pandemics  with $10.6 billion to support the health of families and global  communities, including $1 billion in global health security to bolster  the public health surveillance, detection, and response capabilities of  countries around the world.   Given the global economic devastation wrought by the pandemic, this  bill provides $8.5 billion to meet urgent humanitarian needs. It  empowers women to build a brighter future for their families and  communities by providing $760 million for family planning and $70  million for the United Nations Population Fund while repealing the  restrictions that make it more difficult for women across the world to  access safe and legal abortions.    Finally, this bill prepares us for the existential threat of climate  change. It provides more than $3 billion to address the climate crisis  and other environmental programs, including $1.6 billion for the Green  Climate Fund.   With this bill, we are proving that America is back and ready to  confront the biggest challenges facing our Nation and the world.   I thank Chairwoman Lee for her work, and I urge support for the bill.    I thank the gentleman, Madam Speaker, for yielding. I  just might say that just as this is his first time in chairing the  subcommittee--and congratulations--it is my first time chairing the  full committee. So we are on the same page. I want to thank both the  chair and the ranking member for their work on this bill.    Madam Speaker, as the oldest modern democracy in the world, the  United States exemplifies the success and long-term sustainability of  democratic governance and of the great American experiment. If we fail  in this experiment, then we fail to honor our sacred duty not only to  our own citizens, but to America as an ideal.   The events of January 6 threatened that ideal. The brutal, violent  assault on our Capitol was an attack on the cradle of our democracy and  against liberty. It was a determined and violent insurrection aimed at  stopping the peaceful transfer of power; something that the United  States has exemplified in its history. It was an attack not just  against this building, but on America's example to the world.   This bill also honors the sacrifices of the brave women and men in  uniform who risked their lives defending this institution shockingly on  display at the first hearing of the Select Committee to Investigate the  January 6th Attack on the U.S. Capitol. It gives these heroes the  funding, the resources, and the training they need to ensure what  happened on January 6 never happens again. It also says: We respect  what you do.   It includes measures to provide more transparency, diversity, and  leadership training for the Capitol Police to standardize vetting and  routinely review staff for employment suitability, to provide for the  wellness and the well-being of our Capitol Police.   While securing the Capitol Police must be our top priority, we must  also ensure the institution within these walls remains strong. I am  proud that this bill provides increased funding for the Members'  Representational Allowance, for standing committees, for select  committees, and for leadership offices to help retain and recruit a  talented and a diverse workforce. To grow opportunity and create a  diverse hiring pipeline, it expands paid internship opportunities while  providing the authorization for Dreamers to work in congressional  offices.   Together, Madam Speaker, the initiatives in this bill will not only  protect the Congress and our democracy, they also strengthen and  sustain it. I urge support for the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that, in the  engrossments of H.R. 4373 and H.R. 4346, the Clerk be authorized to  correct section numbers, punctuation, spelling, and cross-references,  and to make such other technical and conforming changes as may be  necessary to reflect the actions of the House.   