 Madam Speaker, it is such an honor to be here just  over 2 years after we introduced the original Green New Deal  resolution, which has now inspired a great deal of similar resolutions  and Green New Deal resolutions adopted and introduced into  municipalities and States across the country.   Not only have similar resolutions been introduced, but we also have  seen inspiration for other forms of Green New Deal legislation, like  the Green New Deal for Public Housing, the Green New Deal for Public  Schools, and beyond.   But I think one thing that is very important for us to discuss is a  very urgent matter, which is the infrastructure package that is right  here before Congress that is being negotiated by both the House and the  Senate.   While I certainly wish sometimes that our legislation was informed  primarily by the legislators that are here writing this legislation, by  communities that are impacted by this legislation, it goes without  saying that there is a great deal of dark money involved in the fight  on climate change, and that dark money is intended for us to not act in  this situation.   We have lobbyists from companies like ExxonMobil bragging about their  role in shaping our Federal legislation and curtailing our ambitions  and in fighting against key provisions to draw down our carbon  emissions.   Whenever I see something like this, whenever I see how dark money and  lobbyists act as a wedge and a cudgel between elected officials and  public servants and the people that we are supposed to represent, not  only do I think it is heartbreaking, but it is very much tragic.   There is a key issue that we have here in acting on climate, and the  big part of that issue is something that we call kind of a principal- agent problem where the people in charge of making decisions are simply  not aligned and not incentivized to make the right ones because they  are not feeling the impact of it.   I get concerned when we have conversations that the politics of the  day get involved and intercede, and they complicate the policy for a  generation. It is so critically important because I can't help but  imagine that so many of the people that are in charge of blocking  action on climate will not see the world that they are leaving to  generations to come.   We have a moral responsibility to leave this world better than we  found it. This is not about theory anymore. This is not about  challenging the science anymore.   In New York City just yesterday, people woke up having a harder time  breathing and having a harder time seeing the horizon because of the  smoke from the Bootleg fires out in Oregon coming out to our city.   Wildfires will come and impact all of us. Floods and waters will come  to impact all of us. But they will not impact all of us equally. The  most vulnerable communities will be left behind, and we can stop it.   It doesn't have to be this way. Not only can we stop it, and not only  can we draw down our emissions, but we can create millions of jobs  doing so--millions of good union jobs.   We can create a civilian climate corps. We can transition to  renewable energy. We can build infrastructure that all people can enjoy  that is not just attuned to the wealthy. We can restore our land. We  can live in harmony with an economy where we can care for one another  instead of extracting off of each other.    We can build this world, and this world is close. It is so close. It  is so close. That is why we see dark money mobilizing the way that it  is right now, because they know that we can win.   Hopefully, in this package, we will continue to win. But this fight  does not stop now. It does not stop with this infrastructure package.  It will not stop, frankly, throughout the course of our lives because  we have a responsibility to leave this world a better place for  ourselves and our children.   