 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and, more  importantly, I thank him for his tremendous leadership. His  understanding of infrastructure in our country and the way to build it  in a green way to honor our commitment to our children is something  that is a blessing to the Congress.   For decades he has served on the Transportation and Infrastructure  Committee, and he has done so in a way that has taken us into the  future.   But we haven't had a bill in a while, and so I thank him for his  INVEST in America Act that he had earlier that is not all reflected  here, but nonetheless hopefully we will see some provisions in the  Build Back Better Act.   I rise in support of the bipartisan infrastructure bill, the  Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, which is about jobs, jobs,  jobs, jobs. Support for this legislation is bipartisan, bicameral, and  respectful of the needs of workers and communities across the country.   Following the vision of President Biden, the bipartisan  infrastructure bill addresses a great need in America which has been  neglected for decades, as I mentioned. Our roads, bridges, and water  systems are crumbling. Some water systems are over 100 years old, Mr.  Speaker, made of brick and wood.  [[Page H5474]]  Our electric grid system is vulnerable to catastrophic outages.   We must not only rebuild the infrastructure for the 21st century  economy, we must rebuild the middle class, creating good-paying  American jobs and turbocharging American competitiveness and growth.  These are connected.   Again, I thank President Biden. He said: I am happy to work in a  bipartisan way in order to have an infrastructure bill where we come to  agreement, but I will not confine my vision to that piece, that  legislative piece. We must build back better.   I think it is very important to note for people across the country  who have seen infrastructure in the past come in and divide their  communities, perpetuate injustices, environmental injustice in their  communities, that it is necessary for us to build back better in a way  that empowers.   When I say ``rebuild the middle class,'' it is about jobs, but it is  about jobs in a new way; more inclusive for women, for people of color,  for younger people to be engaged and trained with workforce training to  participate in the new economy. With jobs and justice.   In the past our infrastructure bills have reinforced that  environmental injustice and divided communities. The Build Back Better  Act will undo that. With the passage of this bill, accompanied by the  Build Back Better legislation, with its equity piece, much of that  injustice, as much as possible, will be reversed.   It is about building up. It is not about trickle-down: Oh, this is  what we are going to do and a lot of people will benefit and maybe you  will get some of it. No. It is about meeting the needs of people, both  for the water needs or transportation needs or infrastructure needs in  many ways, but also that starts and then builds up.   Along with the Build Back Better Act, this prioritizes some aspects  of justice and opportunity.   Let me be clear. While the investments in the bipartisan  infrastructure bill are strong, historic down payments to build back  better, we are not confining our vision--as the President has said, he  is not confining his--for rebuilding infrastructure to this  legislation.   We all know that we have to build back in a responsible way to meet  our green climate initiatives, our goals, and our responsibilities in  that regard.   Passing an infrastructure bill is always exciting for what it means  in terms of jobs and taking our country into the future, and it has  always been bipartisan over the years here. Not for a while because  there was resistance when President Obama was President. We passed a  bill, but it was not of the magnitude that we needed.   This is a step closer to a once-in-a-generation investment in our  infrastructure, as the Conference of Mayors have said. Now we must go  further to build back better.   I urge strong bipartisan support for this legislation.   